Title|Year|Plot
#7DaysLater|2013|#7dayslater is an interactive comedy series featuring an ensemble cast of YouTube celebrities. Each week the audience writes the brief via social media for an all-new episode featuring a well-known guest-star. Seven days later that week's episode premieres on TV and across multiple platforms. 
#BlackLove|2015|This week, the five women work on getting what they want in a relationship by being more open and learning to communicate properly. Cynthia, after dealing with a heartbreaking separation, goes on her first date in several years, with disastrous results. Jahmil meets a cute and confident girl and they decide to go on a date, but when the conversation turns to her past, is she pushed too far out of her comfort zone? Tennesha tries to take a step back from her control issues and lets Errol take the lead on a date, while Laree is challenged to break down some of her walls and commit herself to Karl. 
#Cake|2015|#CAKE is a hour-long serial narrative comedy about a manhunt for a high priced assassin who murders for digital currency (Bitcoin) , the detectives who track him, and a enthused entrepreneur who runs a bitcoin mining operation. In a perfect world do you want money or power? You want the power to create your own money. 
#CandidlyNicole|2013|Nicole has great memories of seeing Siegfried and Roy as a kid and dreams of having her own show in Las Vegas one day. She heads to the famous Magicopolis in Hollywood, where she becomes a magician's assistant and tries her best not to steal the show. 
#DaddyLeaks|????|The life of four close friends in their late thirties is about to change forever thanks to a data breach that releases the names of donors to a sperm bank with fraudulent business practices. They hardly even remember donating their sperm twenty-three years prior when they were just teenagers in need of some easy money. Throughout the series, the imminent arrival of the children they may have fathered dramatically alters their lives, but never their friendships. 
#DearGeorgette|2015|Call me crazy, call me brave, call me neither but a couple of months ago I decided to come face to face with being vulnerable, expressing how I previously felt for a friend. I also wanted to hear a male's perspective on being vulnerable and what that looked like. My feelings for this guy don't exist anymore but when they did, I had blog post links that told many o' stories. I'll just let you see how this pans out. This is a three-part episode. You can read the posts I wrote about on my blog the writings of an imperfectionist dot tumblr dot com. 
#Elmira|2014|#Elmira follows the story of a bunch of strangers who all respond to the same CraigsList ad "Looking for roommates to share rent." Upon their arrival, the apartment is a lot smaller than anticipated, and so the flat is overpopulated. The fictional apartment building, "The Elmira," located on the fictional street, "Elmira," resides in the City of Elmira. The apartment is rented to the gang by a campy, gay, married couple, who always seem to show up unannounced at the most inopportune times. To make matters worse the apartment sits above a noisy bar. A drag bar called "Drag-Hag," which is the center of confusion to some of the characters. 
#Fuga|2016|Months after an apocalyptic event, a group of survivors find themselves in what it seams to be a safe place in Rio de Janeiro's country side. Having just met each other, they share their stories among all the death, chaos and destruction that surrounds them . 
#GameOn|2014|#GameOn is a cybersafety video following the online experiences of a group of lower secondary students who find themselves in situations that catch them off-guard and teach them the consequences of making poor decisions online. Topics include cyberbullying, excessive gaming, sharing passwords, free downloads and online friends. 
#Hashtag: The Series|2013|Friend Me. Follow Me. Like Me. Fall for Me. #Hashtag follows the love lives of two technology-obsessed best friends in Chicago. From Instagram seduction to inappropriate selfies, Twitter over sharing to OKCupid dating, Liv and Skylar are about to learn the real-life consequences of over-indulgence in the virtual world. 
#HoodDocumentary|2016|Triple threat R.S. (Roll Safe, or Reece Simpson to his mum and dad) continues his feud with music producer LJ, woos his unrequited love Rachel and tries in vain to convince the job centre that he has been offered James Bond. 
#LawstinWoods|2013|#LawstinWoods follows the story of 6 strangers who were taken from their lives and placed in woods called the "Lawstin Woods." The mysterious name of the woods happens to parallel their own misfortune, which is that they are all lost in woods. While trapped in the mystical forest they struggle to get answers, while they fight to stay alive. All the while a small group of people who claim to be residents of the Lawstin Woods taunt those who're lost, but never give the gang answers. Instead they appear to simply toy with them. 
#LoveBytes|2015|The show plays out the trials and tribulations of the leading characters Ananya's and Abhishek's romantic relationship. Ananya Singh is a 26-year old girl from Lucknow who has been working in Mumbai for the last 6 years. Simple, not very social and rather homely, Ananya is possessive and doesn't quite understand or appreciate all the female attention her boyfriend gets. Abhishek on the other hand, is a 28 year-old copywriter in a media firm. A party animal, he is best described as driven, ambitious and affable all at once! With a deliciously urban and youthful flavor, the series underlines what makes these two very different individuals click and sometimes clash, the show also elucidates all those things that are necessary for an urban Indian relationship to sustain itself and the daily challenges that come in the way. 
#MonologueWars|2014|Monologue Wars pits the 8 Sided Ensemble against each other in a friendly [mostly] contest. With the help of our audience, the first monologue was chosen. Each competitor was then given one week to learn it, rehearse it, and film it. And that was where the fun began: until October 18th 2014 our competitors will be vying for the highest number of Likes on their video. 
#MovingOut|2017|An urban story of a modern girl - who leaves her home succumbing to the pressure of getting married, by otherwise supportive parents. She seeks herself while Moving Out of her own comfort zone,prejudice and social taboos ,while waving the flag of a New Normal. 
#Murder|2017|The premiere episode of #Murder tells the story of 14-year-old Shaniesha Forbes, a typical American teenager from Brooklyn, N.Y. If she wasn't hanging out with family or friends, she was busy scrolling through Facebook, planning her next event on her busy social calendar. But when Forbes failed to come home from school or answer her phone in January of 2013, her mother knew something was terribly wrong. To find out what happened, detectives would have to dig into her online profile to see who would want to hurt this beautiful teen. Along the way, their search for the truth will reveal every parent's worst nightmare, and show a far more sinister side of social media. 
#Nightstrife|2014|With Jeremy fresh off the tarmac in Chicago from Los Angeles he and Erika are ready to work through their issues and resurrect the best sketch show you've probably never heard of (but should have). #NightStrife, the television series, was birthed from a frustration with the lack of African- Americans in televised comedy and what Jeremy and Erika felt was a lack of sophistication of material given to black comedians. With #NightStrife, the webseries, they decided to create a comedy series like nothing else on YouTube. 
#NotMadMonday|2015|#NotMadMonday is a new, fast-paced talk show starring unlikely #BFFS, Brian Patacca + Chelsea London Lloyd. (He's from the 70s and she's a 90s bitch.) #TheyLoveIt. Drawing on their close friendship and disparity in age, this show takes irreverence to a whole new level as these co-hosts confront online dating (#serioustalk), technological dis-advancements and maddening etiquette (#wedont). 
#ScenesFromRussia|2013|Times for the gay community in Russia have gone from bad to worse. Times became more tumultuous and brutal for 7 LGBT friends living together when President Vladimir Putin signed a new measure into law that outlaws being gay in public or more specifically; Outlaws homosexual propaganda among minors. Scenes From Russia is a dramatic miniseries that premiered on Monday, September 2, 2013. The once a week miniseries tells the story of 7 fictional LGBT characters who all reside in the small fictitious town of Rot, located in Russia. 
#SmurTv|2016|Sketch comedy from the creators of the online series "Swaggapuss Gets a Job." The show is hosted by the character Swaggapuss as hits the streets to ask people what "Smur" means to them. Ramon "R.L." Terry, Malik Sims and a growing cast of others team up for pure randomness of sketch comedy. 
#SoySolo|2016|Lucas is a young soap opera writer who is afraid to make a serious relationship after the frustration that caused him his last romantic breakup. But Juliet appears in her life, an optimist by default who is willing to rule the situation. To the fears that inhibit it are added the appearances of a psychologist mother who analyzes it compulsively, the anti-aid of his best friend and brother. By chapter we will see the step by step of the attempt of Lucas to experience something of which Juliet comes to propose in its life: a love relationship. 
#SpongeyLeaks|2016|Trevor's aunt, Barbara Eyster, has been living with Multiple Sclerosis. She had been provided a live-in caregiver who was paid to help care for her in her day-to-day life. On November 16, 2016, Trevor received an email from Barbara stating she was being evicted and had 3 days to remove her property from her house. When Trevor arrived to help, he was shocked by the condition of both Barbara and her house. He immediately moved in to help with her care. The day after Thanksgiving, Trevor returned to his aunt's home during an argument between the caregiver and his aunt. Multiple 911 calls were made when the caregiver refused to leave. During one of the 911 calls, the caregiver falsely claimed he was being threatened with a loaded gun. When the police arrived Trevor was arrested. Trevor posted bail, and the charges were later dropped. Trevor realized he needed to get the truth out to raise awareness for not only his aunt's situation but elder and dependent abuse as a whole. On December 19, 2016, the first #SpongeyLeaks video was released to show the public what had been going on behind closed doors in his aunt's house. The releases following look more into the details of the leading events, as well as what has happened in the days since the events of November 26. 
#TanCosmo|2014|MÛnica Fonseca, Colombian hostess, will help you create your own style and make yours the most edgy and newest trends before they become popular. Fashion, health, beauty, eco, tech, design and travel trends will get to you first, and you'll be able to know who are the creative people and forces behind them. Thus, you will stand out in the crowd! 
#TheWestbrooks|2015|The five Insta-famous WestBrooks sisters decide to throw a pool party to kick-off their brand. Meanwhile, youngest sister India is dogged by scandalous internet photos from a past fling with one famous rapper while she begins to test the relationship boundaries with another hip hop artist. 
#Untitled: The Webseries|2017|Laysia Malone has been going through a very difficult time for the past few years. Just as she is moving forward and meeting new people her ex, Lisa Evans, comes back into her life. Will Laysia slide back to the past or breeze forward to bigger and better things? 
#VanLifeAttila|2016|Attila talks about his emotions about the future and how his depression and media have affected his reactions to situations. Giving advice to people to just try different things in life, in order to find out what fits. Because you might have everything you want, until you try something new and realize that what you had was not as good as what you must tried. 'Cause what you had may not be what you want, but didn't know it until you tried something else. 
#mykpop|2013|The global phenomenon that is the K-pop wave through the lives of eight fanatics across the world. Through social media and their individual stories, each fan will show how K-pop impacts their daily lives, culminating in their journey to North America's biggest K-pop convention and concert, KCON 2013. 
#thebasic|2016|A single-camera comedy about Ghost Gerald and Human Allison. Gerald always wanted to be YouTube famous. But, he died. Gerald also loves teaching stuff. But, he is dead and can't do sh**. So. Ghost Gerald is haunting Allison until she makes him famous and teaches you things that are really hard for a ghost, but reallllll basic for a human. 
$#*! My Dad Says|2010|This show is about Ed Goodson a very old fashion guy who has a shotgun on the wall and wears fishing jackets living his life how he likes, until one day his youngest son moves in with him and a lot of funny stuff happens with Ed, his two sons and the older one's wife. 
$1,000,000 Chance of a Lifetime|1986|A short-lived quiz show hosted by TV veteran Jim Lange. Husband-and-wife teams would compete against each other in answering a tough series of trivia questions. The winning couple would then go on to the championship round, where they would have a chance to win one million dollars. Two married couples, sometimes including a returning champion, competed in one of the first game shows to offer $1 million as a grand prize. In "$1,000,000 Chance of a Lifetime," which combined elements of "Wheel of Fortune" and "Scrabble," the couples competed to solve word puzzles. Up to six clues were given for the puzzle's solution; one member of each team was selected to try to guess each clue word, with letters inserted at random except for the last one. Each correct guess was worth $25 and allowed the contestant to go to the keyboard. The keyboard indicated which letters were in the puzzle, plus one "stinger" (an extra letter not in the puzzle); selecting the "stinger" meant the contestant lost his/her turn, and a new clue was played. Each selected letter revealed in the puzzle added $25 to the pot; the team that solves the puzzle won the pot. Three rounds were played, with the second round values of $50 per clue/puzzle letter and third round values of $100 each. The team with the most money after three rounds was champion, kept their winnings and advanced to the bonus round. In the bonus round, the couple selected a category from a choice of three and then are locked in an isolation booth. The couple has 60 seconds to guess six words associated with that category. For each successful bonus round win, the couple was given a cash prize ($5,000 on day 1, $10,000 on day 2), or they could give it back and continue, always at risk of losing a subsequent bonus round and thus having to leave the show. Only by winning three bonus rounds in a row did the couple win the $1 million grand prize. The $1 million was awarded as all cash during the spring 1986 season, and $900,000 plus a $100,000 luxury prize package (two Mazda cars, a house full of furniture, including a living room, dining room, bedroom, complete kitchen and outdoor spa, and twenty round-trip airline tickets to anywhere in America on Delta Air Lines) during the 1986-1987 season. 
$100,000 Name That Tune|1984|An updated version of the popular long-running quiz show, hosted by Jim Lange. Two contestants compete to see who has the greater knowledge of popular songs. As the music plays, the first contestant to name the song wins money and prizes. Additional challenges include the contestants 'bidding' on how few notes they need in order to name that tune. Two contestants competed in a series of musical identification games in this 1980s five-day-a-week update of "Name That Tune." Games included Melody Roulette, where host Lange spun a carnival wheel to determine the dollar value of the tune; Tune Topics, where each song's title was related; and the famous Bid-a-Note, where contestants were given the clue to a song and then bid downward against each other to determine how few notes they needed ("I can name that tune in three notes!"). Contestants won points for winning each round; the high scorer after three rounds was champion and moved on to the "Golden Medley. In the "Golden Medley," the champion had to identify seven tunes within 30 seconds. Prizes were awarded for each correct answer. An incorrect guess stopped the game, while naming all seven tunes won an additional prize package and the right to return for a tournament (which took place every eight weeks or so) for $100,000 in cash and prizes. Some of the prizes offered for the tournament winners were awarded individually to winners in a home- viewer contest. 
$2 Donuts|2017|$2 Donuts is a long form Australian dramedy series that tackles love, sex, depression, gender, race and all the junk and junk food in between. The narrative follows Viv and Lil, two housemates in their early twenties who are forced to confront their coming of age fears. The series has as ongoing focus on contrast: between the two lead characters, between the city, the country and suburbia, between unspoken social classes. The characters are all caught between childhood and adulthood. Everything is haunted by the nostalgia of an unattainable rosy childhood. 
$24 in 24|2012|Food Network star Jeff Mauro is eating his way across America... $24 at a time. From the West Coast to the Great Lakes to the Northeast, Jeff is on a mission to prove that eating great food doesn't have to break the bank. In each city, he'll set out to get breakfast, lunch, dinner and a snack ... all for under $24. Can he do it? Tune in to find out! 
$25 Million Dollar Hoax|2004|A three-episode reality series. A woman has to convince her family that she has won the lottery and that the money has turned her from a nice girl into a selfish shopaholic. If the prank is successful, the family really will win a large prize. If she fails, her and her family get nothing. 
$5 Cover: Seattle|2009|The independent music scene in Seattle is a vibrant community of talented musicians. $5 Cover Seattle is a dramatic series from Humpday's Lynn Shelton that takes place over 1 weekend in the lives of 14 Seattle bands as they interact, practice, work, perform and hang out with their friends. 
$9.99|2003|Can you have fun in New York City on $9.99? Before you say fuhgetaboutit, let $9.99 hosts Julie Laipply, Brian McMullan, Maryam Basir and Rich Collier show you inexpensive and free things to do in the five boroughs. Every episode of $9.99 is a whirlwind tour of New York City's unique neighborhoods. Visit parks, museums, restaurants, galleries and a whole host of interesting attractions that cost little or no money. Each show reveals eight to ten adventures with a combined cost that never tops $9.99. Whether you're watching from new York, New Jersey or Connecticut, satellite or cable, don't miss out on the next adventure for only $9.99! 
$tripped|2015|After Milo is kicked out of Remo's house, Remo and Sam think back on the days when they had hit rock bottom. Remo was a hard-partying raver who falls in lust with the wrong girl and Sam was a compulsive gambler in 1950s mob-run Vegas. Meanwhile, the romance between Remo and Vicky heats up. 
$weepstake$|1979|Similar to the series The Millionaire, as well as The Love Boat/Fantasy Island. Like The Millionaire, Edd Byrnes would present the winnings to the person who'd won the sweepstakes, and the episode follows his or her adventures - good or bad. The guest star cast for the series was similar to The Love Boat/Fantasy Island, with different celebrities each week being the featured sweepstake winner. In each episode of this series, three persons each buy a sweepstakes ticket and each of them has their own reason for wanting to win the jackpot which is one million dollars. And they all become finalists and when the winner is announced, we see how he/she does after winning the money. And we all also see what happens to the other two after losing the jackpot. 
'Allo 'Allo!|1982|RenÈ Artois runs a small cafÈ in France during World War II. He always seems to have his hands full: He's having affairs with most of his waitresses, he's keeping his wife happy, he's trying to please the German soldiers who frequent his cafÈ, and he's running a major underground operation for the Resistance. Quite often, the Germans' incompetence itself is what nearly lands RenÈ and his cohorts in hot water; they are not helped either by the locals, who are dreadfully keen to get rid of the Germans, but their blatant and theatrical attempts at espionage and secrecy often create problems that RenÈ must solve quickly. RenÈ Artois is the owner and manager of a cafÈ in German-occupied France of World War II. To look at him, it's hard to believe that some women find him irresistible, something he has to work hard to hide from his wife Edith. RenÈ's cafÈ, frequented by both the German military and the French resistance, is the focal point for the show. RenÈ's a bit of a coward and is stuck in the middle, trying to humor both sides. Hidden in the cafÈ are two English airmen who don't understand a word of French. Other characters include Lt. Gruber, a homosexual German tank driver; Otto Flick, the evil SS officer who is always outsmarted; and Engelbert von Smallhausen, his small sidekick. RenÈ's not the only coward in town: Captain Hans Geering and Colonel Kurt von Strohm are constantly on the defensive, along with Captain Alberto Bertorelli of the Italian army who has a medal for servicing Fiats. Much of the farce comes from Officer Crabtree, an British agent disguised as a French policeman with a poor grasp of "Zee Fronch Linguige," and from RenÈ's amorous waitresses, Mimi, Yvette, and Maria. In this spoof of World War II, RenÈ Artois runs a cafÈ in German-occupied France. He is also an unwilling agent of the Germans, mostly under the command of Col. Kurt von Strohm, and of the French Resistance, under the command of Michelle Dubois ("Listen very carefully; I shall say this only once"). RenÈ is married to aged Edith, who is the worst singer in the world, but he finds that young women find him sexy. Most of the plots include planning the murder of the local commanding German officer, General Erich von Klinkerhoffen, as well as the ownership of a painting called "The Fallen Madonna with the Big Boobies"--a painting that everybody would love to get their hands on to sell after the war. He has also two downed idiot British airmen who, as time goes by, are impossible to get rid of. The main opposition is the insane SS officer Otto Flick. RenÈ tries to complete the German and the Fench Resistance's plans, even though he's a coward and wonders if he's going to get out of the war alive. 
'Da Kink in My Hair|2007|Mrs. Campbell has come all the way from Jamaica for Novelette's birthday, a surprise orchestrated by Joy, only she's two days early and full of complaints! Meanwhile, Nigel and Starr are getting closer, and as a result, he breaks up with his girlfriend Nikki, but everything changes when Nikki arrives at the party with news of her pregnancy. In the mirror story, a woman gives up custody of her children when she begins to feel herself losing control. 
'Til Death|2006|Joy goes overboard planning for Ally's baby shower and becomes obsessed with baby gifts. Meanwhile, Mr. White has difficulty giving Ally and Doug their shower gift, and Dr. Bialik invites her "Blossom" cast mates to participate in a therapy session for Doug. 
'Way Out|1961|The commanding officer of an underground military bunker must decide whether to launch a retaliatory nuclear strike after all communications with the outside world suddenly cease, even though he doesn't know if the country has actually been attacked. Complicating matters is a mysterious sergeant, new to the unit, who seems to know much more about each man in the bunker than he should, and is pressing the officer to launch the strike. 
'n Shrink|2009|Dr. Jerry, a psychiatrist, is forced to move into a garage apartment after the psycho boyfriend of one his female patients shoots the window out of his office. His wife kicks him out of the house in a jealous tirade because she thinks he is cheating with that patient. He starts an online counseling group for web addicts & before he has the website up and going, he a has a full quorum. His new patient's aren't just looking just for counseling...they want DRUGS!!! 
(Un)Balanced: A Web Series|2017|Melissa is attempting to find her center. The obstacle is the insanity of living in NYC. Through 5 comedic episodes she attempts to jump into this "new age" life-style and is thwarted - either by her own conflicting beliefs or the the city that never sleeps. 
(fdp)|2012|An original comic-drama fiction series that portrays the routine of a Brazilian soccer referee in the pursuit of his biggest dream: to blow the whistle at a World Cup final. In the beginning of the season, Juarez Gomes da Silva, our main character, is summoned to referee the Libertadores da America Cup, an important step towards achieving his goal. But this happens at the same time that his life starts going downhill... After betraying his wife and giving her an STD, Juarez is kicked out of his house, driving him one step further away from his son, Vini. Between games, in Brazil or in Latin America, the judge will try to win back his family while succeeding in his career, without compromising his ethics and trying to keep his balance on the tortuous arena of professional soccer. At the end of every episode, someone will call him a SOB, the abbreviation that gave rise and meaning to this series' name. This production features several special appearances of soccer players and experts, such as: Neymar, Rivelino, RincÛn. 
*Loosely Exactly Nicole|2016|Nicole Byer is living the Hollywood dream. Well, Hollywood adjacent - the deep valley to be precise - and it's not so much a dream but a struggle. With the help of her two besties, Veronica and Devin, Nicole will have to navigate the "real world" as she endures humiliating auditions, unpaid electric bills and the romantic battlefield that is Tinder, all while slowly, but surely, finding her voice as a comedian. 
+27: Social Innovators of South Africa|2014|If there's any country in the world that needs social entrepreneurs, it's South Africa. It has been two decades since the end of Apartheid and the dreams of 'Rainbow Nation' have begun to fade. The reality of leading a country out of dark times has proved a difficult task. Unemployment among the youth is high and crime, education, health care and housing shortages are big issues. However there is hope. Through 6 x 26-minute episodes +27: SOCIAL INNOVATORS OF SOUTH AFRICA tells the story of six social innovators - men and women who are crucial change-makers. They are passionate, community-centric activists who want to make a difference. Each episode focuses on one social entrepreneur and we get to know their personal history, what has motivated them, and the essence of how their project functions. We meet some of the individuals who help them and some of the people whose lives are being uplifted by their programs. With high production values, each episode of this documentary will also be shot by a different young director and crew. The way we make +27: SOCIAL INNOVATORS OF SOUTH AFRICA will therefore reflect the spirit and energy of the people we are documenting. Along with the 6 episodes there will also be a detailed behind-the-scenes series that will help to explain the landscape of the production and the upliftment ethos that underscores +27 as a whole. 
.hack//Roots|2006|In 2015, CC Corporation's data-center caught on fire destroying "The World". By splicing in data from what would have been another project, CC Corp. was able to rebuild the game. In 2016, "The World R:2" was released. .hack//Roots covers the time Haseo spent with Shino and Ovan in the guild known as the Twilight Brigade, before the .hack//G.U. PS2 games. 
.hack//SIGN|2002|It is the year 2010. After the great network crash of 2005, online entertainment was restricted. Two years after, the CC Corporation released the first Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing game since the incident. The extremely popular game, called "The World" sells millions of copies. And when that many are playing, things are bound to go wrong. A mysterious boy, who calls himself Tsukasa, appears. He is very mysterious, and he claims that he is actually alive "in the world" - that he isn't a person in front of a computer. He is branded a server malfunction by Ginkan and the Scarlet Knights, and is pursued. 
.hack//Tasogare no udewa densetsu|2003|Four years after the Twilight incident in the .hack video games, stability has seemingly returned to the on-line RPG "The World." Shugo and Rena, twin siblings who are living apart from each other, mysteriously acquire the player models of the .hackers: Kite and BlackRose, respectively. But invincible monsters have now made their way into the game - possibly as a result of a group of rogue players. Shugo is given the Twilight Bracelet, a dangerous data-altering item entrusted to the original Kite. Shugo and Rena, along with their newfound friends in the game (including Balmung and Sanjuro, two original players involved with the Twilight conflict), attempt to uncover the secret of these events while also avoiding the Cerulean Knights, a relentless team of system administrators. 
/Drive on NBCSN|2014|/DRIVE on NBC Sports: American Road Trip. Hosts Chris Harris, Matt Farah and Mike Spinelli take three great American sports cars on a tire-smoking road trip, from drag racing in downtown Detroit to setting lap times at Watkins Glen, one of the most iconic racetracks in US racing history. 
009-1|2006|In an alternate reality, the Cold War never ended and has continued on for 140 years. As a result, the world we knew was divided into two factions: the West Block, and the East Block. As the War proceeds, the tension between the two factions, as well as the amount of nuclear weapons they have, rise higher and higher. Mylene Hoffman/009-1 is a beautiful female cyborg who is a spy for the West Block. With her highly developed fitness skills with a cyborg body surpassing an average woman, Mylene takes action in various missions issued by her superiors. 
0511 Sondersendung zu Theaterformen|2007|TV-Report on the Theatre Festival "Theaterformen" with: Cirque dÈs accordÈ, "After the rain", France - "Pornography of everyday life" written by Simon Stevens, direction: Sebastian N¸bling - ,"White, white, black stork" Theatre Ilkhom, Usbekistan - "Small metal objects", Back to Back Theatre, Australia and "Afro Reggae", Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. 
0511 TV Lokal|2007|Someone must have slandered Josef K., for without having done anything wrong he was arrested one morning. This is the first sentence of the famous novel by Franz Kafka. Andreas Kriegenburg called Joseph K. as a close relatives of Buster Keaton. The wonderful ensemble quotes the vaudeville style of silent film and tells the story of a nightmarish farce. 
07-06-16|2016|On July 6th, 2016, a traffic stop turned deadly was live-streamed on Facebook for the world to see. The complexity of race relations in the USA is larger than what I can grasp. This short attempts to archive one way with which this tragic/traumatic event has permeated the mundane moments in people's lives all over the world; weaving a network of emotions and experiences that are complex and non-monolithic. 
07-Ghost|2009|Teito Klein is a young student at the Barsburg Military Academy in the same dorm with his best friend Mikage. They are getting ready for their graduation exam using their abilities, the Zaiphon. Teito sees a vision about a dark secret pertaining to his hidden past (which he is unable to remember) and attempts to assassinate Ayanami, the man who killed his father, but he is captured and sent to a cell. He plans to escape alone, however, when Mikage arrives at his cell to rescue him, he ends up escaping with the help of Mikage and manages to break free from the academy. 
1 Contra Todos|2016|A public defender gets mistakenly arrested when police confuses him with the most dangerous and well known drug dealer in the area - the Doctor of Traffic. To survive in prison, Cadu must pretend do be the real Doctor, and act as if he belongs among the criminals. Based on a true story. 
1 Day with...|2004|A reality/talk/variety series that aired on Soapnet from September 4, 2004 - February 11, 2005. The series featured soap actor 'Wally Kurth' (qv) spending the day with a fellow soap actor or actress, following them throughout their daily activities. KST and SOAPnet are producing a season of, "1 Day With...". "1 Day With..." is an un-scripted, reality-based celebrity profile of a daytime actor for one day. The show provides the audience with their first opportunity to witness real moments with their favorite actors who reveal their personal life off the set. Popular daytime actor, Wally Kurth ("Ned" on General Hospital) is the show's host. Wally has a fresh and disarming way of interacting and communicating with his fellow actors. He brings a playful and endearing quality to the show as we watch him and the guest actor/actress share the day together. Each episode features the two stars in a day that is unique to each guest. Wally will look inside their home, learn about their family, explore their passions and find out about other aspirations they may have outside their acting career. It's a candid, spontaneous and often surprising look into the lives of daytime soap actors. 
1 Habit|2015|1 Habit(TM) is a video series of 90 second Lite-Bites of inspiration built around the idea "Motivation is what gets you started, Habit is what keeps you going." Successful people have habits. Things they do consistently every day of their lives. In this series we will meet the World's highest achievers and ask them... "If you can pick just one habit to instantly instill in a child, what would it be?" Through this we will learn what works and what is possible. In the process, we hope people will share their 1 Habit(TM) and find a new one to instill in themselves. A building is built one brick at a time. Is it possible that greatness is built 1 Habit(TM) at a time? 
1 Kadin 1 Erkek|2008|1 Kadin 1 Erkek is providing in every episode that how men and women are really from different planets, Venus and Mars. These differences have never seen as funnier as before. It takes place at home, car, outdoor etc. anywhere that any couple can spend time together. 
1 Minute Rewatch|2015|As the current Planet of the Apes franchise ends the epic trilogy you always forget exists and forget how absolutely freakin' amazing it is, the One Minute Rewatch looks back at the 1968 original. Apologies in advance for the song stuck in your head by the end of this. 
1 Week to Fly|2018|Learning to fly: an audacious goal for anyone, and perhaps the secret dream of celebrities that you never knew they had. If your favourite actor or musician or personality ever wanted to go for it, you might wonder what the obstacles are, how much it takes, and whether they really have the right combination of intelligence and guts to see it through. Or is it just the realm of Angelina Jolie, Prince Harry, or Tim McGraw? 
1 a Minute: Destination Survival|2015|1 a Minute: Destination Survival is a "series sequel" to 1 a Minute (2010). DS deals with common questions during a cancer journey such as "Why Me", "To Chemo or Not To Chemo", "How do I tell my kids about cancer" and many more. More importantly, subjects of focus are issues related to life after cancer. How to move-on? How can not just survive but thrive? Heavy focus is dealt on the healing of mind, body and spirit. 
1 vs. 100|2006|Host Bob Saget poses questions to both a lone player and a mob of 100 opponents. Each correct answer from the player knocks out any mob members who got it wrong and increases the prize money. If he can eliminate the entire field of 100, he wins $1 million; otherwise, he can quit after any right answer or risk losing everything to the mob if he misses a question. 
1% eo-ddeon keot|2003|Kim Jung Hwa is a young and sincere middle school teacher, who has little interest in money. She is also extremely warm-hearted and loves to help other people. When she helps carry an elderly man's belongings from the train to another location, the elderly man is extremely thankful. This grandfather turns out to be the extremely rich owner of a well known conglomerate. His grandson, Kang Dong Won is a quick-tempered businessman who rivals his grandfather, but in an almost comical way. In an order to "tame" his favorite grandson, the grandfather agrees to give his entire fortune to the person who marries Kim Jung Hwa, therefore forcing Kang to meet the girl whom his grandfather chose. 
1%ui Eoddungut|2016|The story that begins when the female protagonist saved a very old but rich man. Then the old man named the woman as the sole beneficiary of all his wealth. His grandson on the other hand wanting to get the inheritance made a deal with his grandpa to date that woman but with a contract that comes with a price as well. How will each other endure their differences? Will they continue their love story or end it just how it is supposed to be? 
1,000 Places to See Before You Die|2007|Based on Patricia Shultz's travel book this programme follows her guide with Melanie and Albin Ulle, a young American married couple. The programmes focus on a different country in each episode and Melanie and Albin's experience of what each place has to offer. 
1-800-Missing|2003|Jess has a vision that leads her and Nicole to discover a 10-year-old skeleton. When the body is identified, Pollack orders them off the case. Jess and Nicole continue to work on the case while trying to keep their work away from Pollack and trying to figure out why he's so insistent that they can't work on it. Meanwhile, Pollack's wife Janice kicks him out. 
10 Finnish Architects: An Outsider's View|2003|Before documentary film maker Maggy Fellman moved to Finland from Los Angeles, she knew the country was known for it's architecture. Now together with the Museum of Finnish Architecture she has chosen ten Finnish architects to show why the country deserves it's fine reputation. Lars Sonc - Eira hospital, Kaarina Lˆfstrˆm - Innopoli 1 and Innopoli 2, Alvar Aalto - Villa Mairea, Wivi Lˆnn - Tampere fire station, Yrjˆ Lindegren - Olympic Stadium, Kimmo Lintula & Hannu Tikka - Sibelius Hall, Eliel Saarinen - Hvittr‰sk, Jyrki Tasa - Into House, Carl Ludvig Engel - University Library, Theodor Hˆijer - Ateneum. 
10 Items or Less|2006|When the health insurance rates sky rocket, Leslie has to let one of his employees go in order to afford it for the rest of his staff. Not wanting to choose, he sets up a series of reality show-type challenges which ends up shocking everyone. 
10 Million Dollar Bigfoot Bounty|2014|Spike TV is raising the stakes in the endless quest to discover the truth about the legendary creature known as Bigfoot, the seemingly mythical being that roams forests of the world, avoiding mankind. The network is announcing a new one-hour reality show, 10 Million Dollar Bigfoot Bounty, featuring ambitious teams of explorers on a brazen exhibition to unearth real evidence of Bigfoot's existence. The $10 million in cash, underwritten by Lloyd's of London, would be the largest cash prize in television history. 
10 Minute Tales|2009|A child is born in uncompromising circumstances to a girl who can't cope, and walks away. The baby is picked up by an unlikely, modern-day angel: a hoodie with time on his hands, and a desire to give the little'un the happy ending it deserves. Following the guiding lights of the youngster's mother, the pair embark on a memorable journey in this story of love, hope and redemption. 
10 Minutes Pressure|2020|Leo is a high school student and he is a disciple of separated parents. He lives in his mother's home, along with her and his grandmother, Joan, which has a huge weakness. His mother, Mary, is a lawyer and is late in her job with her friend and partner, Zeta, who gives her advice for Leo. Leos' father, Nick, has car dealership and sells cars. He maintains a relationship with his partner, Vivi. Leo's continues to make school cuts, as many as absences. Then there are various ways to escape the punishment and always followed by his friends, Dinos and Meni . 
10 Minutes Presure|2020|Joan is a fanatic anti-smoker. So if it is possible for her grandson to have the slightest link to what they call cigarettes. He is unconvinced that he does not. There are, however, well - wishers who will not leave her for a long time in her fallacy. Leo will pay it badly, of course. What will happen to the well - wisher man? So will Leo and his friends leave him alone? 
10 Puppies and Us|2017|Every year, we welcome a quarter of a million puppies into our homes. In this series, we follow ten of them and their families through their all-important first six months together. We explore how the nation's favourite pets develop, learn and adapt to their new world, and also the profound effects they can have on the lives of their owners, capturing both the mayhem and delight a new puppy brings, from toilet training and first walks to sleepless nights and getting used to their new owners. On hand to offer our families expert advice is dog behaviourist Louise Glazebrook. 
10 Things I Hate About You|2009|Kat and Bianca Stratford may be sisters, but all comparisons end there. Kat is an outspoken, independent feminist, while Bianca is a social butterfly who wants nothing more to be popular, even if it means bowing to the whims of people like the demanding, Chastity Church. The series highlights the Stratford sisters as they experience the highs and lows of high schools, deal with their overprotective father and find love. In Bianca's case this is her friend Cameron who has a huge crush on her, while Kat finds herself in an interesting relationship with school bad boy Patrick Verona. 
10 Things That Make Me Happy|2012|Whether it's a family heirloom or the perfect vintage T-shirt, we all own things that have a special place in our heart. The show gets up-close and personal with three different celebrities as they share their 10 all-time favorite things. During each episode, the celebrities will explain why each item means so much to them as well as give viewers an intimate look inside their lives, homes and personal style. 
10 Things You Don't Know About|2012|Abraham Lincoln was the steady hand of leadership during the Civil War, only to be gunned down in his prime at Ford's Theater. Outspoken historian David Eisenbach delves into Lincoln's private life and reveals that the Great Emancipator was a racist, had trouble with women and actually enjoyed sleeping with men. 
10 Years of Monkey Business|2007|A farewell series of 3 programmes celebrating the last 10 years of the phenomenally successful 'Monkey Business'. The series has followed the day -to -day lives of apes and monkeys at one of the largest primate rescue centres in the world. In today's programme we look back at the Monkey Business rescues. 
10 om te zien|1989|This hit show (in both senses of the term) was for years Flanders' weekly equivalent of the BBC's Top of the Pops, but on commercial TV (VTM). Over time presenters came and went, and some minor features too, such as voting in a relatively unknown, but basically it has always been a parade of Flemish and some international, slightly more English - then Dutch -, occasionally other language hit songs performed live, indoors (often in a major disco) or outdoors; later it was removed from the weekly schedule, but tends to reoccur in summer, on location at the Belgian coast. 
10,000 BC|2015|10,000 BC is a British reality social experiment series follows 20 British people from all walks of life as they go back to the conditions of the Stone Age and try to survive two months in the wilderness. The candidates were prepared and monitored by Klint Janulis, an archaeologist and survival expert. 
10,000 Days|2010|10,000 days ago, Comet 23 struck the Pacific Ocean with the magnitude of all the nuclear weapons in the world going off at once. The Beck family was among the lucky few who survived the heat blast and fire storms. Then the freezing began. The comet knocked the Earth away from the sun, encasing the planet in snow and ice. For those who survived, life was violent and dangerous. The daily battle wasn't just against the punishing climate but against each other for the basic necessities that meant life or death. Still, the weather was growing colder and the ice was expanding. Villages were being crushed by violent tremors. And then the Becks found an object from the past, buried deep in the ice. And with it came a choice. A choice that could either save them or destroy them. 
10-07: L'affaire Kafka|1996|Dans ce second volet, Philippe Nadeau a ÈtÈ promu sergent et est maintenant en charge du secteur des gangs de rue, avec ‡ ses cÙtÈs ses deux acolytes de la premiËre sÈrie, Thomas Saint-Mars et Claudia D'Annunzio. Dans ce quartier, les gangs sont principalement latino-cubains. Toutefois, le gang auquel ils ont ‡ faire face sert de couverture ‡ un nouveau rÈseau criminel de trËs grande envergure, la mafia russe. Une mafia fort bien organisÈe et extrÍmement rusÈe qui s'infiltre rapidement et sournoisement tant en Europe qu'en AmÈrique. 
10-07: L'affaire Zeus|1995|En plus d'Ítre amis, Philippe Nadeau et Thomas Saint-Mars patrouillent depuis huit ans dans le secteur le plus chaud du centre-ville de MontrÈal, celui du poste 29. Leur vie prend un nouveau tournant lorsqu'ils sont appelÈs ‡ constater le dÈcËs d'un pharmacien dans un stationnement souterrain du centre-ville. Le rapport d'autopsie conclut ‡ une crise cardiaque. Par contre, le concubin du pharmacien n'y croit pas. …tant de simples patrouilleurs, Phil et Tom le renvoient aux homicides. AprËs une dÈmarche vaine auprËs du sergent-dÈtective Delvecchio, indiffÈrent ‡ ses inquiÈtudes, l'ami du pharmacien pose un geste spectaculaire qui force Phil et Tom ‡ intervenir. …tant les seuls ‡ avoir manifestÈ un intÈrÍt pour l'enquÍte, on s'empresse d'assigner Phil et Tom au dossier, Ètant persuadÈ que l'incident tombera dans l'oubli. L'enquÍte prendra des proportions majeures et lËvera le voile sur des secrets insoupÁonnÈs. 
10-8: Officers on Duty|2003|Rico Amonte was brought out to LA by his older brother Angelo, a detective in the LAPD Robbery/Homicide Division. He is now in his first year, learning to become a professional police officer, and it's up to Senior Deputy Barnes to teach him the ropes. Their vastly different backgrounds give them opposing points of view on how to police the streets. Amonte's irreverent style can get the job done, but usually not in the way Barnes would call standard procedure. The other training officers are Senior Deputy Matt Jablonski and Senior Deputy Ryan Layne. Jablonski is partnered with Trainee Gabriella Lopez, a young Latina from East LA. Layne's partner is Trainee Chase Williams, a recent law school grad eager to acquire street experience before he becomes a D.A. 
10.5|2004|The West coast of Northern America suffers an unprecedented series of major earthquakes in a matter of days, puzzling seismologists, including Dr. Jordan Fisher's team. His maverick assistant Samantha Hill comes up with a theory, which they confirm on site, that a deep tectonic rift links them and is likely to sink most of California into the Pacific. The only imaginable countermeasure are subterranean nuclear explosions. Three succeed, one rather causes a new problem. Meanwhile federal and other authorities as well as various people wrestle with side-effects like landslides and cope with a huge refugees exodus. 
10.5: Apocalypse|2006|Another massive 10.5 quake tears apart the West Coast, threatening to turn the American landscape into a hellish wasteland. Seismologist Samantha Hill sees an even greater threat: an ever-widening fault line that's heading straight for the country's two largest nuclear reactors. If a meltdown occurs, millions will die. Samantha and the American president agree only one man can help them-the scientist who predicted this terrifying natural disaster years before-Samantha's own father, Dr. Earl Hill, now counted as a possible casualty of a massive Las Vegas quake. Together with a crack rescue team including Brad and Will, Samantha must find her father and stop the fault from slicing uncontrollably toward millions of people and the ultimate nuclear apocalypse. It begins with a 10.5-grade earthquake ripping apart the West Coast. A massive earthquake creates a chain of horror events that threatens two of the largest nuclear reactors. But for a team of researchers, government officials, and scientists, the trouble is just beginning. Following the catastrophic earthquake that struck U.S., a second quake threatens the security of the continent. U.S. President Paul Hollister calls on one of the nation's top seismologists, Dr. Samantha Hill, to interpret the event. 
100 Centre Street|2001|District Attorney Spiegelman singles Bobby out to do pre-trial work for a highly publicized case involving a white cop who shot a black man in the back while arresting him. Bobby is given an assistant with a chip on his shoulder, Milton Hong, who thinks the case should have been his. Bobby re-interviews Hong's witnesses and by gaining their trust, gleans more information from them. Despite all of the evidence he uncovers, it will be another gunshot that brings Bobby to the truth. Meanwhile, Judge Rifkind and his wife, Sarah, go to an alumni weekend in the country. Rifkind is offered a teaching position at the law school. 
100 Characters 100 Days|2011|For 100 consecutive days actress Melanie Cruz filmed an improv monologue as a different character each day and followed five rules: 1/ one continuous take; 2/ once record was hit--that was it--no stopping; 3/ she was only allowed to use what I had on hand--no purchasing of additional props or costumes; 4/ she was only allowed to prepare in the hour preceding filming--it was to be true dramatic improv; and 5/ provided she was at home, she filmed in the same location every time. 
100 Day Bach|2015|New Zealand is a nation of bach lovers - holiday homes of many shapes, sizes and designs. Those of us who don't own one, probably secretly wish we did. Owning his first bach is exactly what Designer, Hamish Dodd and his partner Anita would like to do. Oh, and build it from scratch. 
100 Days of Summer|2013|This young, successful Chicago it crowd are working the boardrooms and the bedrooms, eager to make a name for themselves, find love and succeed at any price. With a social circle made up of best friends, former lovers, and current lusts, things are bound to get interesting. 
100 Days to Heaven|2011|Anna malastas was once a sweet girl that becomes a cruel old woman because of her father's plan of discipline. She inherits a toy company but on a tragic day she got involved in a car accident. She canno't go to heaven because of all the people that she treated wrong but gets a second chance by fixing their current problems. The only problem is she is transformed into her younger self. 
100 Deeds for Eddie McDowd|1999|"100 Deeds for Eddie McDowd" stars a school bully who got turned into a dog by a drifter for being a bad kid. He then ends up in the pound where he's adopted by the last kid he bullied. From there, Eddie McDowd has to perform 100 good deeds in order to become a kid again. 
100 Greatest Discoveries|2004|Bill Nye "The Science Guy" hosts a new series that highlights the greatest scientific discoveries of all time, from the earliest time to the present day. The series features nine episodes: Evolution, Earth Sciences, Medicine, Physics, Astronomy, Chemistry, Genetics and Biology, plus a wrap up episode featuring the top 10 discoveries of all time. This is a fun and instructive series, with a lot of historical re-creations, archival footage, visits to interesting scientific research facilities and interviews with present-day scientists including several Nobel laureates - all presented with the flair and humor associated with television's "Science Guy" Bill Nye. 
100 Mile Meals|2014|In this episode we travel down the Southern California Coast to the mystical destination of Big Sur. Here we show you the wide variety of companies using local produce, bread, seafood, and meats. Enjoy gardening tips with our, In the Garden, segment talking about drip irrigation. 
100 Miles from Nowhere|2015|The trio heads to Arizona to battle harsh winds, frigid temperatures, endless sand and breathtaking, but deadly slot canyons. With hypothermia a real danger, will the guys have to abandon their 130-mile adventure or will they push through to the finish? 
100 Moments That Changed TV|2011|In the five part series "100 Moments that Changed TV", TV Guide Network analyzes the monumental moments that have affected today's television landscape. Among the biggest: Janet Jackson's Super Bowl "wardrobe malfunction," the Van Doren "Quiz Show" scandal, and how reality shows such as Survivor and American Idol launched a new genre. Journalists such as Tom Brokaw discuss the debate between John F. Kennedy and Richard Nixon, the O.J. Simpson trial and the birth of CNN. Larry King explains how his talk show paved the way for the viewer participation format. And Frank Gifford addresses the start of Monday Night Football. Robin Roberts, Bryant Gumbel and Cynthia McFadden and various pop-culture experts will weigh in about how these major moments influenced the powerful medium. 
100 Moments That Rocked TV|2003|A joint effort of the VH1 cable network and TV Guide magazine, this five-part series offered a countdown of the 100 greatest musical moments ever telecast. Each episode offered 20 of those moments on a descending scale (i.e. 100-81, 80-61, etc.). Among the highlights, represented via film and video excerpts and eyewitness recollections, were the creation of MTV, Michael Jackson's "Moonwalk," Britney Spears' first appearance on Star Search, the debuts of such musically oriented series as The Monkees and The Sonny and Cher Show, and even such celebrated disasters as Mariah Carey's "strip meltdown" on Total Request Live. The same list appeared both on VH1 and in the pages of TV Guide, though there were a few discrepancies in the rankings. For example, while VH1 had once rated the Beatles' American debut on The Ed Sullivan Show as the number one TV musical event of all time, TV Guide superseded this with Bill Clinton's saxophone solo on The Arsenio Hall Show. The VH1 version of 100 Moments That Rocked TV ran for five consecutive evenings, beginning January 13, 2003. 
100 Questions|2010|Charlotte and Jill rudely shove the boys aside when they meet cool bikers Luke and Pete. The boys pull together, until Wayne confesses to Mike he faked their blood-brothers oath at summer camp. Mike now tries to join the bikers gang, albeit riding a Vespa. When Luke gets to serious, getting a portrait tattoo, the girls back out. Their excuse is Mike's alleged fatal accident, but the bikers insist to attend the memorial. 
100 Years of Horror|1996|A multi-volume documentary on the history of horror movies. Hosted by veteran horror star Christopher Lee, this video series brings together footage from many notable (and some less notable) films from the silent era up to the 90's. Also included are interviews with many of the leading horror actors and filmmakers, in which they share their stories, opinions, and techniques on how to make the world scream. 
100% Senorita|2003|When a surrogate mother gives birth to twins, she keeps Liang Hsiao-Fong ('Joe Chen (V)' (qv)) by her side and gives away Chuang Fei-Yang ('Penny Lin (I)' (qv)), who ends up being adopted by a wealthy family. Years later, Fei-Yang becomes the heiress of Formosa Inc., a company created by her father and his partner, Peter. However, when Fei-Yang's father passes away, Peter tries to kill Fei-Yang and take away the company. When a surrogate mother gives birth to twins, she keeps Liang Xiao Feng (Chen Qiao En) by her side and gives away Zhuang Fei Yang (Penny Lin), who ends up being adopted by a wealthy family. Years later, Fei Yang becomes the heiress of Formosa Inc., a company created by her father and his partner, Peter. However, when Fei Yang's father passes away, Peter tries to kill Fei Yang and take away the company. 
1000 Ways to Die|2008|1,000 Ways to Die, an anthology television series, which aired on Spike/Spike TV from May 14, 2008 to July 15, 2012 showcased shocking reenactments of deaths of individuals who often met the grim reaper in very unorthodox or outlandish ways. Often recreated in a fast-paced, very tongue-in-cheek manner, the stories were based on actual events, but dramatic license was liberally used. Voice-over-narration provided background information on each death. The deaths were recreated in a variety of ways including witness testimonials, historical tidbits, scientific expert analysis, graphic computer-generated imagery animation, interviews, live-action recreation, and even actual footage, when available. Each death ended with a title which was a pun, often based on some popular word or phrase. 
1000 millones|2002|Julian Vargas is a person very humid and a little vulgar, loves women and very caring for his friends. He is separated and lives in the Boca neighbor hood with his adopted mother and his brother. He has an aunt and a cousin a little slow and friend, Luis. He is a workman in the dry dock of Tigre. This way he earns his living and does not have high expectations of life. Does not study, left high school in the third year and lives his life and seducing women. Carolina Marin is a neighbor of Julian and his friend since they where very young. Carolina is a student in the university and she is left only one year to graduate and receive her diploma as an accountant. She is an example, very beautiful, good very hard learning loves her father and lives for him. The real father of Julian, a very powerful business man, is very ill and on his dieting bad he had decided to leave his in heritage, his huge fortune, to his son that he had never known: all his businesses is 1 billion. For this he heirs a lower to take care of everything. The family of the father of Juli·n does not know that Julian exists and they are sure that all the in heritage of the 1 billion will go to them. Pilar Arias is a very unparticular girl of 28 years old, she had a very reach and good life, only that her father, a hardhearted player that she didn't see for a long time, he had left her and her mother in the street, this is why they had emigrated to Brazil, went through lots of privations. Pilar returns to Buenos Aires ready for to gain at any cost the place that they had lost long ago. From one day to another Juli·n Vargas receives an important news, his biological father, whom he did not know, is dying. The magnate Manuel Prado Calets will leave him a Billion Dolars inheritance that will test the values of this man which only fortune they are his family and his childhood friend Carolina MarÌn. Juli·n lives in a humble neighborhood with his adoptive mother, his brothers Diego and Gisella and he works as an employee at the port. His more valued exchequers are his friends of the neighborhood, the football matches, his car "The Torino" and his fleeting romances. Unlike Juli·n, Carolina is about to finish her carrier and works a very important holding and though she is a simple woman her ambitions always overcame to those of his friend. But they share something more than the old neighborhood, they were part of a former history of sweet teenager love. Many people will try to separate Juli·n of his fortune. The managers of the holding, Lanari and Pilar Arias and the family Prado Calets will fight up to the end to destroy him. Juli·n and Carolina will try to overcome the conflicts that they will be provided by this new life riddled with power, interests and enemies. Together they will cross a new way and will discover a great love. 
1000 seconden|1992|In this popular cooking show, 'Herwig Van Hove' (qv), an erudite, outspoken and witty college professor and passionate gastronome, presents a recipe for a main dish, and sometimes a dessert, which takes him no more then 1,000 seconds (hence the title; circa 17minutes) to prepare, assisted by the popular blabbermouth-presenter 'DrÈ Steemans' (qv), better known as his phony-Italian alter-ego Felice, his soundboard for various tips on cooking, ingredients, the food business etc. which continue during the tasting. 
1000cc Raw Thrill|2009|1000CC Raw Thrill is a Sport-bike Lifestyle motorcycle show hosted by long time Motorcycle Industry insider, Greg White and Erin Bates of AMA Supercross fame. 1000cc Raw Thrill introduces and entertains the audience about the world of Sport-bike riding and all that it has to offer. The show features in-studio interviews from some of the industry's top experts and riders, tech tips, the latest in sport-bike technology, stories from around the United States and more. 
1001 Nights|2010|A grouchy old man inherits a pair of smelly shoes. No matter how hard he tries, he is unable to get rid of them./Mujab and Sameer pretend to be lawmen in order to land jobs as sheriffs in a small town. What they don't realize is that they have to arrest the most vicious bandit in the territory. 
101 Dalmatians: The Series|1997|This show acts as a mix of the Dodie Smith book, 1961 animated movie and 1996 live-action movie. After foiling Cruella DeVil's plot to make a fur coat with the puppies' skins, the Dearly Family (Roger and Anita Dearly, Nanny, Pongo, Perdita, their 15 birth puppies and 84 adopted puppies) move to a new farm home in the country. This show centers on three of Pongo and Perdy's pups, brave Lucky, tubby Rolly and Cadpig the runt. Together with their chicken friend Spot, they defend their new home from Cruella DeVil (Anita's boss and now new neighbor), continually get in and out of trouble, sneak into Grutely, and have all sorts of crazy adventures around the farm. Also along for the fun is Tripod, Patch, Two-Tone, Wizzer, Dipstick, Mooch, and the rest of their barnyard friends. 
101 East|2006|Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim has been cleared of sodomy charges, which he says were meant to kill off his political career. Will his coalition be able to mount its strongest political challenge in this year's general elections? 
101 Sand n' Surf Hotspots|2015|101 Sand n' Surf Hotspots showcases the hottest sandy destinations across the globe. Each of the 5 hour-long specials features a countdown of top vacation locations and dives into what makes them paradise on Earth. From the black-sand beaches in Hawaii to kite surfing in Australia and an underwater spa in the Maldives, experience each destination as a true insider and discover top-rated, mouthwatering eats, unique new resorts, fun family activities, breathtaking adventures, ancient ruins to explore, unusual cultural happenings and, of course, one-of-a-kind scenery. 
101 Ways to Get Rejected|2013|101 Ways follows the lives of Sam (Susie Yankou), McKenzie (Taylor Dearden) and Smith (David Mandell) as they navigate through the not-so-glamorous teenage years. Between prom dates, jobs, football games and parties, the gang learns that there are many ways to get rejected. 
101 Ways to Leave a Game Show|2011|Wild eliminations await this week's players, with $50,000 dollars at stake. Contestants will be eliminated one by one in spectacular fashion by either being towed across a lake by a speeding powerboat, crushed beneath a huge monster truck, sunk by cannon fire or yanked thousands of feet into the air by a helicopter. The final four contestants will face off against each other -- atop a ten-story drop from The Tower -- for a chance to take home $50,000 dollars in cash. 
101-kai me no puropozu|1991|A young man has problems finding his true love. His brother tries to help him out but to no avail. It seemed as though this man would be on the brink of major depression, until he meets a beautiful young lady. This drama follows their relationships and the people who surround them. 
10454|2017|In the near future there is no middle class. The denizens of New York City live in either enormous subsidized housing developments or in the ultra luxury shopping and living centers they are meant to service. For the poor having a job means you receive rent and meal vouchers, for the wealthy it means you have a purpose: to thrive. 10454 explores a society on the verge of a break down through the eyes and experiences of the citizens of 1600 Bruckhaven- a city unto itself, nestled in the South Bronx of the 2050's. While "the haves" and the "have-nots" play out their respective roles, a new force is rising in the world: one that promises to change everything. 
106 & Park: Prime|2003|Celebrities at the prime of their lives and caareers host the spin-off series of 106 & Park: Top 10 Live. Ongoing projects by the artists are discussed as their music, acting, athletic, comic and intellectual talents are shown to a live audience through music videos and interviews with guests. 
1066|2009|In 1066, King Edward The Confessor of England dies leaving his crown to Anglo-Saxon Harold Godwinson. In doing this, King Edward disregards his earlier promises to give the throne of England to one of his legitimate successors from among his Flemish, Viking or Norman relatives.As a result of this unwise decision, a contest for the English crown begins. While an Armada of Viking ships under Viking King Hardrada invades the north of England, a Norman invasion, led by William Duke of Normandy, strikes the south. Caught in a giant pincer movement, the new English king Harold Godwinson and his small army must rush to the north to deal with the Viking invasion while planning an eventual mad dash to the south to face the Normans. The fate of Anglo-Saxon England hangs into balance. 
107 Facts|2015|Channel Frederator has been home to the best and newest cartoons on the internet for over a decade. And having just turned 10 years old, we've decided to flip the ToonedUp lens on ourselves to give you 107 facts about Channel Frederator. From our small beginnings, to becoming the biggest network of animators on the internet, we have plenty of awesome milestones to cover. So get ready for things to get super meta, because ToonedUp has 107 facts about Channel Frederator. 
109|2005|109 is a documentary series that examines significant social and cultural trends transforming Canadian society. We live in a world where national borders crumble in the face of sweeping social and cultural trends. Instant communications. Internet and easy travel have created a world where people and ideas move freely. Cultures and trends spread around the globe at the speed of light. And Perhaps because of its cultural diversity. Canada finds itself at the crossroad of these vast and influential trends. 109 examines how Canadian find themselves swept up by trends. A road map to the social and cultural trends that affect your lives today. 
10i entoli|2004|Magda (Dragoumi) witnesses a lethal car accident, with her own daughter Aimilia (Aktypi) being the victim. The driver leaves the little girl helpless and disappears. Magda discovers the man who is responsible for the death of her daughter (Kazanas), she stalks him, and she also seduces him. 
10th Ave.|2017|Pat fixes Mikey's mistake, Tommy meets an old friend. Jackie fixes a problem with the Italians. 
10th Muse|????|Emma Sonnet was mysteriously abducted two years ago during a summer trip to Greece while celebrating her graduation from law school. Today she resurfaces just as mysteriously with a unique take on the law. Upon discovering her strange and remarkable abilities, she becomes torn between battling in the courtroom and dealing justice in the streets her own way as the 10th Muse. 
10x10|1989|The film is about three actors who are playing there basic characters out as supporting artistes. Shot in the beautiful Bristol country side. Director Graeme Holmes has given us a rare and informed insight into the world of Screen acting. I saw this recently and recognised the Lead actor as Keith Shane, we have worked with him and are currently doing so on our feature Madden. I have also seen other episodes from this long running series. Producer 
11 Cameras|2006|Postal mailboxes are mostly empty these days. Long-distance friends and lovers have traded in their pen and ink for the ones and zeros of e-mail and the electronic hum of ten thousand web cams. Computers are the new breeding ground for today's relationships. Love, sex, loneliness, fear, money woes, longing, adultery and jealousy -- 11 CAMERAS is a voyeuristic look at human relationships and the new ways we connect to one another in the digital age. 
11 Eyes|2009|After witnessing his sister's suicide, Kakeru lives the remainder of his childhood in an orphanage, where he meets a young girl named Yuka. Years later, we find Kakeru, now a teenager, attending high school with Yuka. The ordinary days they have come to expect are overturned when they are thrown into an alternate world which they call "Red Night". In it, they are pursued by nightmarish creatures bent on their death. However, as quick as it appeared, the Red Night mysteriously ends. Both are left unsure if their experience was simply their imagination. Later that same day a new student arrives with more knowledge about the experience. 
11.22.63|2016|A teacher discovers a time portal that leads to October 21st, 1960 and goes on a quest to try and prevent the assassination of John F. Kennedy, which is complicated by the presence of Lee Harvey Oswald and the fact that he's falling in love with the past itself. WHAT IF YOU COULD CHANGE THE PAST? Imagine having the power to change history. Would you journey down the "rabbit hole"? This eight-part event series follows Jake Epping, an ordinary high school teacher, who is presented with the unthinkable mission of traveling back in time to prevent the assassination of John F. Kennedy on November 22, 1963. Jake is willing to live in the past in order to solve perhaps the greatest mystery of the 20th century - who killed JFK, and could it have been stopped? As Jake tries to rewrite history, he discovers that the past does not want to be changed and will do anything to stop him. 
12 Masks|2015|12 random people receive a box containing a mask and a note inviting them to a mysterious mansion. The note contains only two instructions. Come alone and bring the mask. They may be unsure why they have been chosen to be part of this event, but one thing is for sure. They will never be the same. 
12 Monkeys|2015|Cole has been saved but now can no longer time travel. He is certain however that Ramse will make his way to Raritan National Laboratory where in 2015 the time machine is under construction. Cole's confrontation with his onetime friend leads to a serious injury. In 2043, a new group arrives on the scene intent on taking over the time travel machine. They are successful but everyone is surprised when someone unexpected arrives from the past. 
12 O'Clock High|1964|This series chronicles the adventures--in the air and on the ground--of the men of the 918th Bombardment Group of the U.S. Eighth Air Force. First commanded by irascible General Frank Savage--and later by Colonel Joe Gallagher, the son of a Pentagon General--the Group is stationed in England, and flies long-range bombing missions into German-held Europe. This story is based not-to-loosely upon the real experiences of the crew of Frenesi, captained by William "Pappy" Cely, flying out of Rougham Field, Bury St Andrews. Though the sketch in general is a composite of any B-17's crew at the time, there are unarguable parallels to the Frenesi story, specifically, the mission to Brunswick on 2/11/44. Cely and his crew flew an inordinate number of missions; more certainly than the required 25. Cely flew Frenesi and her crew on this critical mission to bomb a ball bearing factory in Brunswick this day. The formation received heavier than usual flak and suffered gravely. Upon approaching target, dense, but intermittent low fog made dispatch questionable and the SOP would have been let fly and high tail it, but Pappy opted for a go-round, and re-approach to minimize collaterals. There was a school, see. Well Frenesi took a lot of heat; she was very badly damaged, but she was rewarded with a break in the fog to allow her to precisely dispense her load. She rattled back to Rougham, held together by her skin alone; her structure being later deemed "the most heavily damaged bird to safely land". She was a miracle, and Cely a saint. 
12 Sided Die|2011|There's nothing Curtis loves more than playing the role-playing game Swords and Swordsmen with his friends. Unfortunately, life and expanding families have made getting together for these games harder and harder with each passing day. It's been six months since the last and just when it looks like they'll finally be able to continue their heart-stopping fantasy adventure... Curtis receives a knock on his door from his neighbor Cynthia. She's cute. She's strong-willed. And she wants to know what Curtis is doing that evening... 12 Sided Die is the stylish new comedy series about friends, fantasy, and romance and what happens when the three collide. 
12 Steps to Multimedia Success|2016|The 12 Steps to Multimedia Success is a coaching program for brand owners and content creators. We coach brand owners and small businesses on the latest techniques in audio, video and print production. We also assist our members in production planning and marketing strategies. The 12 Steps program is produced at Reo Bucks Consulting Group by Amsltech, LLC. 
12 Steps to Recovery|2010|The newly dumped actor and jingle-writer Parrish receives help from his friends Blue and Dani when they set him up on 12-Blind Dates, with each choosing half the dates. However, each friend has ulterior motives in their selections. Parrish goes through his healing period with each unique woman, as well as auditioning and hanging with friends. In the end, Parrish learns about friendship, forgiveness and true love, with major twists and a crucial decision to make. 
12 TeEn|2014|Twelve year old Sam is host of her very own web show. Each episode she invites her fellow friendsies, fans, and family into her her life to talk about all of today's current trends and hot topics. Join Sam as she welcomes you into the life of a 12 teen year old. 
12 oz. Mouse|2005|Mouse, Skillet, Golden Joe and Peanut Cop trek through the desert after leaving the city behind. However, Golden Joe is carried away by a bird and Peanut Cop later vanishes in a flash of light. Now alone in the desert, Fitz and Skillet live in a house made of sand and their own spit. They get into a gunfight with a strange, gun-toting woman named Lee. After the woman mentions something about Square Guy and finding the new angel (or "new age-el") Fitz decides to trust her and invites her into his house. Lee gives Fitz a gift: a silver bullet which she warns is the only thing that can kill her when she turns into the She-Wolf. After the credits, a gunshot is heard, and Lee (as the She-Wolf) appears snarling in front of the screen. 
12 stulyev|1977|Set in the late 1920's Soviet Union, Ostap Bender and Ippolit "Kisa" Vorobyaninov are after stash of diamonds hidden in one of the chairs in 12-chair set. They are forced to go on a cross-country chase when the chairs are auctioned of. 
120 aÒos de BANAMEX|2004|Since its birth in 1884, throughout 120 years, the National Bank of Mexico has played a key role in the economic development of the country. During the regime of Porfirio DÌaz, it was there as the central bank. During the period of construction following the Revolution it financed industrialization and modern agriculture; at the end of the 1960's it introduced the credit card; it was nationalized in 1982 and re-privatized during the 90's. It resisted the grave crisis that was opened up by Fobaproa. In the new century Banamex was acquired by CitiGroup Bank and continues serving the development of the country. 
125 aÒos del Banco Nacional de MÈxico|2009|For 125 years, Banamex has been a pioneer in implementing the Mexican financial system while serving the State, fostering all economic sectors, maintaining a significant presence in the international arena, and backing culture and education. For these reasons and more, it can be stated that more than just a bank, Banamex has been an institution key to national development. 
13 Demon Street|1959|A doctor and his wife are involved in a head on accident. The doctor's hand is caught in the steering column of his burning car. After freeing himself of the vehicle and doing necessary surgery, he decides to put the dead man's hand from the other vehicle onto himself to replace his missing limb. Bad things start to happen while the doctor wonders what the cause of recent problems are. 
13 Going on 13|????|A class project splits the students into groups of "Pharaohs" and "slaves", giving Leslie the chance to be around Emily and learn her secrets. She inadvertently drives a wedge in her friendship with Rachel. Meanwhile, Leslie's mom grows worried about Leslie's changing personality. 
13 Nights of Elvira|2014|Break out the crucifix, get some garlic, and say your prayers cause Elvira's coming for a visit. This October the Mistress of the Dark, herself, is digging up some awful-er-awesome movies for 13 Nights of Elvira! Elvira takes on some of the best of the worst modern B movies like Puppet Master, Cannibal Women in the Avocado Jungle of Death, and Evil Bong and skewers them in the sexy, spooky way that only she can. 
13 Reasons Why|2017|Thirteen Reasons Why, based on the best-selling books by Jay Asher, follows teenager Clay Jensen (Dylan Minnette) as he returns home from school to find a mysterious box with his name on it lying on his porch. Inside he discovers a group of cassette tapes recorded by Hannah Baker (Katherine Langford) -his classmate and crush-who tragically committed suicide two weeks earlier. On tape, Hannah unfolds an emotional audio diary, detailing the thirteen reasons why she decided to end her life. Through Hannah and Clay's dual narratives, Thirteen Reasons Why weaves an intricate and heartrending story of confusion and desperation that will deeply affect viewers. Clay Jensen returns home from school one day to find a mysterious box with his name on it outside his front door. Inside he discovers a series of cassette tapes recorded by Hannah Baker - his classmate and crush. Only, she committed suicide two weeks earlier. On the first tape, Hannah explains that there are thirteen reasons why she did what she did. And Clay is one of them. You can't stop the future. You can't rewind the past. The only way to learn the secret, is to press play. 
13 Steps Down|2012|Young Michael 'Mix' Cellini fixes gym equipment for a living and has two unhealthy obsessions - 1950s mass murderer John Christie and glamorous model Nerissa Nash whom he stalks. She is aware of this but the police cannot act unless he commits an offence. Using his job he infiltrates the health club of which she is a member and dates employee Danila but kills her after she has criticized Nerissa and ridiculed his Christie obsession. Whilst Gwendolen his elderly landlady is in hospital with pneumonia he buries Danila in the garden.Looking up he sees Christie smiling approvingly. Mix Cellini is old lady Miss Chawcer's tenant. He lives in the top floor flat of her home, Blaise House, A huge old Victorian villa. The building lies untouched in a forgotten corner of notting Hill, an island of decaying dignity in a sea mediocrity. But Mix is no ordinary tenant, he harbours secret obsession's with prolific 1950s notting hill serial killer John Reginald Christie and local celebrity model Nerrisa Nash. As Mix's obsessive investigation into Christies life contues he discovers a dark secret from miss Chawcer past. Could Christie be connected to this old decaying victorian villa Blaise House? As ghostly events start to unfold, Mix's obsession with Nerrisa Nash deepens. Now Mix begins to wonder what Christie would have done to win Nerrisas affections. The story concludes with a unexpected and darkly murderous outcome. 
13 Weeks|2005|13 WEEKS is a reality show about 6 travel nurses on assignment in southern California. See how these nurses work, live and play. Meet patients and coworkers and see their daily lives in the hospital. Follow their adventures as they explore southern California. Watch as they adjust to living in a beachside California mansion with 5 new roommates. 
13 Witches|2012|13 Witches is a Fantasy Horror story where thirteen sisters who practiced paganism, centuries ago , were wrongfully accused of being witches. They were tortured, punished and burned alive by those they loved. Only one of the sisters escaped:Nemesis. A deal is struck between Nemesis and the devil and centuries later, the sisters have been reincarnated and seek revenge on the ones who stole their lives. 
14, rue de Galais|1954|La vie d'une famille aisÈe montrÈalaise. Le pËre, Henri Delisle, est un ingÈnieur tranquille. Jeanne, la mËre, est un tantinet hystÈrique, irascible et soupÁonneuse. Elle ne comprend pas sa famille et la juge trËs durement. Louis, le fils aÓnÈ, frÈquente l'universitÈ mais mËne une vie quasi dÈbauchÈe. Au contraire, Paul, le cadet, est un collÈgien sÈrieux qui envisage la prÍtrise. HÈlËne, leur fille, prÈfËre Paul et se mÈfie de Louis, alors que sa mËre manifeste une inclination contraire: elle favorise Louis et fait de Paul son souffre-douleur, ce qui entraÓne de la discorde dans son entourage. Heureusement qu'il y a l'oncle Albert, son frËre, qui habite avec eux et amËne dans la famille une dose de bon sens et d'humour. 
14.000.000.000$!!!|2013|Leonardo Thimo is preparing for a new worth Overproduction of 14.000.000.000$. But the things aren't going so well with the Blockbuster, so he works in a nightclub entertainment just for pennies. 
15 Minutes|1985|The final episode, featuring an interview with a young Courtney Love, the Ramones perform "Bonzo Goes to Bitburg (My Brain Is Hanging Upside Down)," a performance from the satirical musical "Dial M For Model," footage from Andy Warhol's memorial service, and more. 
15/Love|2004|"15/Love" is a comedy-drama about coming-of-age in a unique, high-pressure environment. The series follows a group of young hopefuls at the internationally renowned Cascadia Tennis Academy, where they live, love, laugh, fight, cry and dream their way through adolescence. 
16 and Pregnant|2009|A documentary series focusing on the controversial subject of teen pregnancy. Each episode follows a 5-7 month period in the life of a teenager as she navigates the bumpy terrain of adolescence, growing pains, rebellion, and coming of age; all while dealing with being pregnant. Each story offers a unique look into the wide variety of challenges pregnant teens face: marriage, adoption, religion, gossip, finances, rumors among the community, graduating high school, getting (or losing) a job. Faced with incredibly adult decisions, these girls are forced to sacrifice their teenage years and their high school experiences. But there is an optimism among them; they have the dedication to make their lives work, and to do as they see fit to provide the best for their babies. 
1600 Penn|2012|President Gilcrest may be foremost the US head of state and government, his reassembled family complicates life in the White House considerably, often interfering with his image or even with matters of state. Eldest son Skip is as goofy as self-absorbed, his (step-)siblings are rather ambitious but socially awkward. Eldest daughter Becca's ruthless march to career is suddenly questionable when she has a fertile affair with irresistible 'simpleton' D.B. 
1628 eller Regalskeppet Wasans uppbyggnad och undergÂng|1991|In 1628, Sweden is at war with Poland. A new warship (called Vasa) is therefore ordered to be built. Two wharves compete for the right to build it, one lead by Bengt Skeppsbyggare and the other lead by Bengt BÂtbyggare. However, foreign powers, such as Poles and Dutch, try to sabotage the construction of the ship. 
17 - o poveste despre destin|2008|The 17 years old Diana is a talented young schoolgirl who dreams of becoming a musician. The social problems she encounters at this fragile age make her a victim of the local human trafficking and turn her into a drug addict. Despite all these she reaches her dream, but this is the price she has to pay for fame. 
17 Kids and Counting|2008|It's rare to find a family as big as the Duggars! Watch two big families collide when the Vanderhoffs visit the Duggars. And while Jim Bob is home playing host, Michelle hits the road to visit her best friend of 39 years and speaks at a Moms' Meeting. 
18 & Over|2005|A weekly show with a fresh, young and bilingual look at the top 18 music videos according to sales charts of CD's people are buying in stores and on line, the weekly radio airplay lists of the songs the DJ's play over and over on your favorite stations and, finally, we combine those two with our own mun2 research. 
18 Wheels of Justice|2000|Michael Cates is an agent for the Justice Department. His assignment was to infiltrate the organization of Jacob Calder, a deadly and vicious crime boss. He saw Calder kill his mistress. Calder was brought to trial and convicted. Calder was not going to let Cates off the hook, so he took a contract out on Cates. The hitman missed Cates but was able to get his wife and daughter. Cates' boss Burton Hardesty decides that the best way for Michael to avoid Calder's hitmen is for him to pose as Chance Bowman, a trucker and drive all around. Cates, however, cannot help but get involved with the lives of the people whom he meets, and seems to run into people who have deals with or know Calder. So as a result of this Calder gets a line on him and either sends someone to take him out or offers the bounty he placed on Cates to the people who informed him. 
18 to Life|2010|Tom and Jessie have been neighbors and in love with each other for years. Yet their parents and their friends remain skeptical that their love will last. So when Tom and Jessie step up and announce that they are getting married at just 18 years old, they are greeted with a fair share of disapproval. However, Tom and Jessie feel their love is truly genuine and plan to prove to their family and friends that love can conquer all. 
18 vs. 29|2005|Yoo Hye-chan is unhappily married to Kang Bong-man, a top actor. On her way to file for divorce, Hye-chan is suddenly involved in a car accident. When she wakes up at the hospital, her mindset has reverted to that of an 18-year-old. Bong-man tries to support his wife the best he can during her recovery; their relationship slowly rekindles. 
180 Days: A Year Inside an American High School|2013|A cinema veritÈ look at a pivotal school year for an urban high school in the U.S. capital. The film focuses on the struggles, triumphs, hardships, and observations of students, teachers, athletic coaches, and their charismatic school principal. 
180 Degree|2011|180 Degree (180 Grade [al]) was series that ran from 2011-2014 that focused on film, actors, directors, gossip, news, reviews and interviews. Actors, Directors and other members of the movie/TV business were interviewed and gave their take on current events in film and world views. The series was created by Andy Deliana. 
1812|2012|In Part Two, Sir George Prevost takes command of the British and Canadians. The attack on Fort Meigs fails. Tecumseh's reputation grows when he saves the lives of prisoners. After their defeat at the Battle of Moraviantown and the Battle of Lake Erie, the British and their allies withdraw to Canada. 
1864|2014|The Danes are thrilled after the victory in the 1st Schleswig War. Danish politicians now dream of incorporating Schleswig into the Kingdom of Denmark, in defiance of the peace agreement. In a small community, the brothers Peter (Jens SÊtter-Lassen) and Laust (Jakob Oftebro) grow up, and both fall in love with Inge (Marie Tourell S¯derberg). When the Danish President of the Council of Ministers, Mr. Monrad (Nicolas Bro), claims that Schleswig must be incorporated to the Kingdom, everyone is aware that it is the start of 2nd Schleswig War. But only this time, the Danish troops are met by Otto von Bismarck's (Rainer Bock) Prussian and Austrian army. An army much bigger and stronger than the Danish. 150 years later the maladjusted teenage girl, Claudia (Sarah-Sofie Boussnina) is on the edge of a meltdown and is forced to be visit friend to the old Baron, Severin (Bent Mejding). Inges old dairy catches Claudias interest, and through Inges writings, Claudia experience thousands of young Danes, sacrificing their lives in the Battle at Dybboel, 1864, for a meaningless and incomprehensible war. This is the story of one of the greatest defeats of Danish history in the middle of a period of blooming patriotism. 1864 is the story about innocence and love, ignorance and rashness. 
19-2|2011|Officer Nick Beroff, 17 years of service for Montreal's police, is not happy to be stuck with Ben Chartier, newly transferred from S.Q (provincial police), as a partner, but after the tragic event that occurs in the first scene of the pilot, he will have to come to terms with the fact that together, they are now the second patrol of station 19. As the mystery around the catalytic event that starts off the series deepens, the everyday life of the policemen doesn't lack in action, tangled in emotional baggage and dirty secrets. 
190 North|1999|Showcases the hippest, trendiest lifestyles and entertainment stories around. You never know what to expect from host Janet Davies and her contributors Doug Banks, Mark Nilsson and Eva Saha. Viewers are invited along for the ride. One week may feature an interview with Tom Hanks, Russell Crowe or Beyonce. Another week whisks you away to exciting Montreal, the slopes of Aspen, the Hawaiian islands, or even London for trends in the U.K. Surprises abound! "190 North" goes out on the town for the latest nightspot happenings. You'll get a backstage pass to see acts like Kiss or go behind the scenes of festivals like Lollapalooza. How about experiencing The Midnight Circus, the chance to drive in one of the world's most expensive cars or even train at a wrestling school? Then, there are visits to see how the rich and famous live. Come along to view high-tech multi-million dollar celebrity homes, partake in luxury train tripping and salivate as the fanciest restaurants roll out the red carpet and show off their delicacies! Let "190 North" sit you down and blast you off to places you never knew you wanted to go. 
1916|2016|Narrated by Liam Neeson, this landmark documentary tells the dramatic story of the events that took place in Dublin during Easter Week 1916, when a small group of Irish rebels took on the might of the British Empire. The documentary - featuring a combination of rarely seen archival footage, new segments filmed on location worldwide, and interviews with leading international experts - also uncovers the untold story of the central role Irish Americans played in the lead-up to the rebellion. Although defeated militarily, the men and women of the Easter Rising would wring a moral victory from the jaws of defeat and inspire countless freedom struggles throughout the world - from Ireland to India. On Easter Monday 1916, a small group of Irish rebels-including poets, teachers, actors and workers-took on the might of the British Empire. Although defeated militarily, the men and women of the Easter Rising would soon win a moral victory-with their actions leading to the creation of an independent Irish state and contributing to the eventual disintegration of the British empire. They have inspired countless freedom struggles throughout the world-from Ireland to India. The three-part documentary series On Easter Monday 1916, a small group of Irish rebels-including poets, teachers, actors and workers-took on the might of the British Empire. Although defeated militarily, the men and women of the Easter Rising would soon win a moral victory-with their actions leading to the creation of an independent Irish state and contributing to the eventual disintegration of the British empire. They have inspired countless freedom struggles throughout the world-from Ireland to India. 
1916: The Irish Rebellion|2016|The documentary - featuring a combination of rarely seen archival footage, new segments filmed on location worldwide, and interviews with leading international experts - also uncovers the untold story of the central role Irish Americans played in the lead-up to the rebellion. Although defeated militarily, the men and women of the Easter Rising would wring a moral victory from the jaws of defeat and inspire countless freedom struggles throughout the world - from Ireland to India. 
1929|2009|Thursday, October 24 : the Wall Street Stock Exchange crashes, the greatest economic crisis of the 20th century suddenly breaks out. Fueled by the idea that everyone can get rich without limits, it puts a final stop to the euphoria of the 1920s. America is then caught in a devastating cycle which spreads around the world a few months later like a malign infection. Calling on renowned historians and economists, William Karel conducts an incredibly detailed analysis of the economic and financial mechanisms that lead to the crash of Wall Street and then to the Great Depression of the 1930's. 
1929.0|2015|Thursday, October 24 : the Wall Street Stock Exchange crashes, the greatest economic crisis of the 20th century suddenly breaks out. Fueled by the idea that everyone can get rich without limits, it puts a final stop to the euphoria of the 1920s. America is then caught in a devastating cycle which spreads around the world a few months later like a malign infection. Calling on renowned historians and economists, William Karel conducts an incredibly detailed analysis of the economic and financial mechanisms that lead to the crash of Wall Street and then to the Great Depression of the 1930's. 
1941|2009|June, 1941. A small Russian village at the border is living its everyday life - people work, love, squabble, make plans for the future. The war changes all plans, tears families apart, the first victims fall... Some Russian straggling soldiers who managed to stay alive after the first onslaught of the German army make their own war, some of the locals joining them to avenge their murdered relatives and to fight for their native land. The villagers are rent between the threats and executions introduced by the German invaders for helping the guerrillas and the necessity to help these guerrillas who are of their own flesh and blood. German repressions meet stubborn resistance. Walter, a German lieutenant, feels that the tactics of repression are wrong, but his superiors do not understand him. Walter falls in love with a local peasant girl, Dasha, but for Dasha only one man exists - Grigory, head of the local guerrillas. Grigory in his turn is married to Alyona, but not of his won accord. Alyona knows nothing about Grigory's fate after the war begins, and helps a wounded Russian soldier hiding him from the Germans... How will the war cut all these knots? 
1942|2011|Early in the Spring of 1942 Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Union. In the forests of Russia, the partisans try to survive the winter. They have very little to do so. Gregory, The Fly and a few men from their poor village join several of the Red Army. Not only do the men have to struggle to survive a Nazi occupation but many of the women, children and the elderly do as well. They can not go back to the village. The district is rampant with the SS and Latvian police. Therefore, they can only survive in the woods. Gregory lives with Dasha and Alena - alone. She withdrew into herself, because in life she had broken all the rules - her husband on the other, whom she loved - was a traitor. 
1964: Rumors of War|????|A Family Drama that appeals to a mass audience. From the 1960's baby boomers to the rebellious teens of modern day. 1964 is a hard hitting historical story of the Christian family and how their lives were forever changed by a society dealing with the war in Vietnam, the invention of the Main Frame Computer and a world turned upside down by politics, greed and yes, even Hippy Love. 
1967 World Series|1967|The 1967 World Series was won by the heavily favored St. Louis Cardinals, who had won the Series in 1964, in seven games over the stout-hearted resistance of the Boston Red Sox, led by Triple Crown winner 'Carl Yastrzemski' (qv) and American League Cy Young Award winner 'Jim Lonborg' (qv). The seventh and deciding game was won by Hall of Fame pitcher Bob Gibson, who racked up his third win in the Series (and fifth-straight win going back to the '64 Series against the Yankees). Adding insult to injury, the amazing Gibson slugged two home runs in the seventh game, putting an end to the Red Sox's "Impossible Dream" season. 
1975 World Series|1975|The 1975 World Series between the Boston Red Sox of the American League and the Big Red Machine (Cincinnatti Reds) of the National League generally is considered the greatest world's championship match-up in baseball history. The Reds prevailed against the BoSox in seven games, and 'Pete Rose' (qv) was named Most Valuable Player. 
1986 World Series|1986|The 1986 World Series, the 83rd playing of the modern championship series in Major League Baseball, was a memorable battle between the New York Mets, were making their third World Series appearance (last winning it all in 1969) and totaled one-hundred eight regular season wins, and the Boston Red Sox, returned to the Fall Classic after an eleven year hiatus, which helped to spread the legend of "The Curse of the Bambino" to mass public awareness. 
1990 World Series|1990|The 1990 World Series is a best of seven games contest between two baseball teams: the American League pennant winning Oakland Athletics and the National League pennant winning Cincinnati Reds. The winner of the World Series is crowned the unequivocal champions of baseball. 
1990|1977|Great Britain, 1990. The population is now governed by an increasingly corrupt bureaucracy headed by the Home Secretary and backed by the tyrannical Public Control Department (PCD), who have done away with the rights of the individual and maintain control through ID cards, rationing, censorship and electronic/audio/physical surveillance. Free speech is forbidden. The rule of law no longer protects the weak and defenseless. Emigration is impossible. But escape is not, thanks to rebels like Jim Kyle ('Edward Woodward (I)' (qv)), a journalist and secret dissident who battles the forces of the Establishment, but constantly faces imprisonment or death (or worse) at the hands of the PCD and its ruthless controller Herbert Skardon. 
1992|2015|The early 1990s was an explosive period in Italian political history, notably for the "Clean Hands" (Mani Pulite) investigation that led to the collapse of The First Republic - Italy's first post war government. At the heart of the story are six individuals caught in the eye of the storm, which began with the arrest of the left-wing politician Mario Chiesa. As Italy struggled to put an end to large-scale political corruption, thousands of individuals from the police, mafia, public service and politics came under the microscope - some even committed suicide. 
1Conocla5t|2016|1CONOCLA5T visits an art exhibit of work by the controversial artist duo Jake and Dinos Chapman in downtown LA at the UTA Artist Space. He examines some of the works displayed therein and gives his own personal opinions on them. And a good time is had by all, well except Ronald McDonald. 
1Life|2016|Times are good for Jasper, Barney, Charlie and Max, best friends and co-creators of 1Life, an app which revolutionises the way people interact with the world, organising their whole life in one place, instantly connecting them to every corner of the globe. Jasper Court steaming fast ahead with impressive new features, leading press conferences and becoming the public poster boy is soon recognised as the company's figurehead. This doesn't sit well with some of the other founders, especially Charlie who harbours fears that Jasper's constant innovation is leading the app to become dangerously integral to the lives of those using it. When 1Life suffers a massive security leak the world begins to scrutinise the company they've left in charge of their lives. Is friendship enough to help these warring app-creators when there is no escape from what they created? We only live 1Life, so let's live it! 
1Love 1House TV Show|2011|Entertainers perform and small business owners are interviewed. Undercover Detective series is a mystery about missing persons throughout the United States, the undercover detectives assigned to the case and the reasons those people are missing. The relationships of the detectives, criminals friends and family members are explored. 
1iota Update|2015|As promised to our YouTube Subscribers and awesome loyal fans, 1iota CEO Rob Crawford reveals when the MTV Movie Awards tickets will be available via 1iota.com and your best way to get tickets. Good luck and we hope to see you at the Awards. 
1st & Ten|1984|The jokester of the Bulls finds himself in an existential crisis when he is told the team plans to cut him after the season's end. The team is also facing a questionable situation in that a couple of their cheerleaders are being fired despite their intimate histories with the general manager who is hellbent on saving their jobs. 
1st Look|2008|Supermodel Beverly Johnson presents several of her favorite places in Los Angeles. Among them is her favorite place to shop, the House of Couture owned by her longtime friend Lloyd Klein. The Designer introduces himself and shares some thoughts on Beverly and about fashion. 
2 Become|2016|Alex and David are two inseparable friends with opposite personalities. Alex is a gentleman but with a big mouth, and David, a shy guy who sells video games. Both are bored by their work, and after another evening twist, they decide to give up everything to realize their childhood dream... to become actors! The problem is... they have no idea how to do that, and with their respective personality ... it's far from being won! 
2 Broke Girls|2011|Sassy, streetwise Max works two jobs just to get by, one of which is waiting tables during the night shift at the retro-hip Williamsburg Diner. Sophisticated Caroline is an uptown trust fund princess who's having a run of bad luck that forces her to reluctantly give waitressing a shot. At first, Max sees Caroline as yet another in a long line of inept servers she must cover for, but she's surprised to find that Caroline has as much substance as she does style. When Caroline discovers Max's knack for baking amazing cupcakes, she sees a lucrative future for them, but they first need to raise the start-up money. 
2 Days 1 Night|2007|South Korean comedy/reality show that has a changing cast of 6 male comedians, actors, and singers. They spend 2 days and 1 night at vacation spots, remote scenic villages, and historic landmarks. Of course there are games and contests with each other and locals to determine who gets to eat local delicacies and who has to sleep outside in a tent. 
2 Guys and a Couch|2013|This show revolves around two roommates (Korey and Mike). They don't really like to do much outside their apartments and spend their days pretty evenly between television and arguing about the every changing society around them. This is a show set in Los Angeles that leans on the the simplicity situational comedies and grounded in the characters that create it. 
2 Hollywood|2011|Flemish actors Antoni 'Yony' Arandia and Rick star, tailed by a camera crew, in a reality show on the frustrating experience of European actors trying to get into Hollywood. Their dealings with a dodgy agents, castings, life in L.A., budget from the home front station JIM TV etc prove eventful. 
2 Hopeful Spinsters|2013|If Will Ferrell thought Pearl the Landlord was the meanest toddler he ever had to cross paths with, he's gonna sh** in his pants when he meets Ruby. Little Ruby may look cute, but watch out. She gives 2 Hopeful Spinsters Dellany & Heather a wake up call they are going to never forget. 
2 Minute Drill|2000|A spinoff of the popular UK quiz show Mastermind, Kenny Mayne along with 4 panelists that are involved someway with north American sports (players, coaches, columnists, Sportscenter anchors, or sometimes actors) 3 (or after season 1, 2) contestants come to the show with a very indepth knowledge on one particular subject in the world of sports (whether it be a specific team, one teams season, a player, or just one sport in general). In the first round, each contestant gets 2 minutes to answer up to 20 questions from the panelists (5 per panelist). In round 2, the field is narrowed down to 2, same rules apply, but this time around, Kenny is given 5 questions, bringing in 25 questions. The days winner will win prize money and an ESPN experience (determined by what level in the tournament they are in when they won), and are asked a question that pertains to their specialty, which is insanely difficult (to the average human being, but not usually to that particular contestant). 
2 Shot the Show|2012|Unfocused, delusional actresses turned playwrights, Grace Rinaldi and Angelica Rao channel the energy of their favorite playwright, David Mamet, hoping to create a vehicle to stardom. Act 1, Scene 1 is as far as the hopeful stars get before the characters they create, Dianna and Suzanna, come to life, rebel against their creators, and chart a course of their own! 
2 Stupid Dogs|1993|"Two Stupid Dogs" follows the lives of two dogs: the overly excited Little Dog (the dachshund) and easy-paced Big Dog (the sheepdog). These crazy canines don't know how to fit in the world, and they definitely don't have any know-how. They often find themselves in commonplace situations (going to the drive-in, walking through the mall, working on the farm), some not so common situations (stuck on a space shuttle, a contestant on a game show, getting mistaken for the prime minister) and even in some familiar situations (little red riding hood, Noah's ark, and Hanzel and Gretel). But no matter the situation, their stupidity usually leads them to calamitous results. 
2 durch Deutschland|2015|Hosts Esther and AndrÈ are on their must solve scavenger hunt through the 16 states to get the treasure chest as their reward. 
2 for Flinching|2013|Join the journey of an indecisive everyman as he is faced with every day decisions that he must decide on immediately. Travel into his mind as he makes every choice a soul searching dilemma, and watch his hypothetical thoughts play out before your very eyes. 
2 frËres|1999|L'histoire de Gabriel, 19 ans, un Ètudiant ‡ l'universitÈ fraÓchement dÈbarquÈ ‡ MontrÈal et Zacharie, 15 ans, au comportement rebelle et dÈroutant. Progressivement, Gabriel dÈcouvre que son frËre est devenu taxeur ‡ l'Ècole et qu'il s'implique graduellement dans des activitÈs plus ou moins lÈgales et violentes. Pour son cours de journalisme-tÈlÈ, Gabriel suit l'entourage inquiÈtant de Zacharie. Son enquÍte, de plus en plus risquÈe, lui fait dÈcouvrir le pire. Tout sÈpare ces deux frËres: leur caractËre, leurs valeurs, leur style de vie. Pourtant, les ÈvÈnements tragiques feront en sorte que jamais deux frËres ne verront leurs destins plus unis et solidaires. 
2 straten verder|1999|Supported by a large pool of guest actors, Carry Goossens and Jan Van Dyke (and originally also Gaston Berghmans) star in a series of short, often stereotypical comedy sketches. These quickies are supplemented with some longer serials that return every episode. The adventures of two clumsy handymen are shown in "Sus & Klus", while in "Tommeke" a funny ginger rascal continuously makes his mother end up in total embarrassment. 
20 NOTHiNGS|2018|Follows LA native Taylor Donovan and her three best friends living in Los Angeles as they navigate the ups-and downs of being Twenty-Nothing's with dating (or mostly just sex, lots of sex), as they strive to become 'somebodies' in the land of artificial smiles and ulterior motives. 
20 Something|2015|When his father decides to cut him off financially, Evan, a 20-something recent college grad, is forced to face the reality of becoming an adult. Often guided by his more well adapted roommate, Bryan, Evan struggles to get his footing, finding that growing up wasn't something taught in school. 
20 Ways|2016|Valentine's Day is right around the corner. You're probably asking yourself things like - how do I tell my boyfriend or girlfriend how much I love them? or, why am I even watching this when I have 0 baes? But that doesn't matter. Alexis and Alyx are here with 20 Ways to tell someone you LOVE them. 
20 Years On|2014|A talk show that creates an interesting comparison between two intellectuals from the worlds of Israeli culture, art, politics, sports and media. Each show will host two people who have known one another for at least 20 years, who will interview one another and reminisce about special moments in their pasts and major crossroads where their paths met. The goal is to obtain closure on issues that remained unsolved over the years. 
20 y m·s por el arte|2013|Leonardo and Igor Nieto Joly tell their life stories through their art. Leonardo is composing a suite for zither - instrument he picked up in a boarding school in India - consisting of five movements where each represents a stage in a human life. Meanwhile, Igor photographs the essence of the places where they've been from India to the Mexican Caribbean where they currently reside. 
20,000 Leagues Under the Sea|1997|The year is 1886, when New England's fishing harbours are the scene for a "creature of unknown origin" destroying ships at sea. It is the job of Professor Pierre Arronax, a marine expert, and Ned Land, the iron-willed sailor, to learn the truth of the "monster" roaming the seas. The great novelist, Jules Verne, described this perilous journey to the darkest depths of the sea with Captain Nemo aboard the Nautilus. 
20-e dekabrya|1982|Set in December of 1917 after the Bolshevik revolution in Russia. Lenin and the communists are making every effort to strengthen their power. Lenin appoints Felix Dzerzhinsky the Commissar for Internal Affairs and the head of the All-Russian Extraordinary Commission for Combating Conter-Revolution and Sabotage (Cheka). It became the predecessor of GPU and KGB. 
20/20 on ID|2011|In 2005, Nebraska couple Michael Wamsley and Janelle Hornickel, 20, phone 911 while lost, stranded and freezing in a blizzard over 23 miles from home. Sadly, they cannot reasonably direct dispatchers to their rural location. After four hours in sub-zero wind chills, why aren't Michael and Janelle able to get help and why can't 911 rescue them? In 2006 Upstate NY, over one hour of physical and verbal domestic abuse by Ulnar toward beautiful, accomplished wife Susan Stills is caught on video tape. Almost as drastic is the identity of the cinematographer put up to this--Susan's beloved son, 13--at Ulnar's insistence. Ulnar was arrested, offered a plea, but opted for trial so his children would have to testify. The resulting 36 yrs. is the longest domestic violence sentence of all time. Complexities remain. Will Susan Stills and her daughter and two sons ever be able to bond as a family again after these traumatic events? 
20/20|1978|Among the most recognized and revered television newsmagazines, "20/20" was ABC's answer to CBS's "60 Minutes." Though some stories were humorous, light-hearted and sometimes frivolous features, the meat of "20/20's" programming was investigative reporting many times exposing corporate, medical, educational and governmental wrongdoing, incompetence and criminal negligence and reports on news events of the week from (often) different angles than was seen on the nightly news. Oftentimes, co-host Walters interviewed a prominent celebrity, politician or other newsmaker (among her most famous interviews included her fearless interview of feared Libyan dictator Muhammar Qaddafi; and her inspirational story of Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf, who was interviewed shortly after the Persian Gulf War had ended). The show's regular cast of contributors filed the reports, with the most prolific including John Stossel (who once had his nose broken while interviewing a World Wrestling Federation wrestler), Lynn Sherr, Stone Phillips (before he joined "Dateline NBC") and Catherine Crier. Though most of the reports proved to be factual, some were heralded as sensationalist; others led to allegations of libel while at least one story later proved to be an embarrassing hoax. 
200 Contracts|2013|Ray Kelly is NYC's number 1 hit man for hire. He worked for almost 30 years before being incarcerated and in that time he killed over 200 people. During that time he had a wife and kids at home that had no idea what daddy did for a living. Our story takes place at the beginning of his career and his double life. 
2000 Malibu Road|1992|A story of four women living together at a beach house located at 2000 Malibu Road - Jade, a former prostitute trying to get out of the profession; Perry, a young lawyer also escaping from her past; Lindsay, a would-be actress trying to get the right break; and Joy, Lindsay's two-faced, manipulative sister. 
2002 FIFA World Cup|2002|The 2002 FIFA World Cup was the 17th staging of the FIFA World Cup which took place from 31 May to 30 June 2002 in South Korea and Japan. It was the first World Cup to be held in Asia, the first to be held on a continent other than Europe or the Americas, the last World Cup during which the golden goal rule was in force and the only World Cup to be jointly hosted by more than one nation as FIFA amended its statutes in 2004 to officially forbid co-hosting bids. 
2006 FIFA World Cup|2006|The 2006 FIFA World Cup was the 18th FIFA World Cup, the quadrennial international football world championship tournament. It was held from 9 June to 9 July 2006 in Germany, which won the right to host the event in July 2000. Teams representing 198 national football associations from all six populated continents participated in the qualification process which began in September 2003. Thirty-one teams qualified from this process, along with the host nation, Germany, for the finals tournament. It was the second time that Germany staged the competition (the first was in 1974 as West Germany and also a re-FIFA World Cup), and the tenth time that it was held in Europe. 
2010 FIFA World Cup|2010|The 2010 FIFA World Cup was the 19th FIFA World Cup, the world championship for men's national association football teams. It took place in South Africa from 11 June to 11 July 2010. The bidding process for hosting the tournament finals was open only to African nations; in 2004, the international football federation, FIFA, selected South Africa over Egypt and Morocco to become the first African nation to host the finals. 
2012 Aussie Millions Poker Championship|2013|Over 2,500 top poker players from 24 countries gather at the Crown Casino in Melbourne for this prestigious annual event. Twenty-two players have bought a seat in the first heat, the $100,000 Challenge. Among those competing for the $1m prize are British players Sam Trickett and Tony 'the Lizard' Bloom, Gus 'Great Dane' Hansen, Sorel Mizzi and Phil Ivey. 
2012 Submission of the Night|2012|After making his name in the UFC at 155 pounds, Charles Oliveira is looking to make even more noise as a featherweight, and he'll test those waters tonight against veteran Eric Wisely, a five year pro who has battled it out with a host of quality foes. 
2012 the Webseries|2011|Too many extrasensory messages get the best of the mind of a chosen one, a man who was supposed to lead the humans against the invaders. Unfortunately, the invaders are one step ahead and have begun the destruction of those who have a direct communication link with the Mayans. Face to face, the intense meeting between an invader and a chosen one ends with devastating consequences. 
2013 WSOP Asia Pacific|2013|With a total field of 44-entrants, hitting the felts were the likes of Paul Phua, Sam Trickett, Marvin Rettenmaier and Jonathan Karamalikis, who were also among some of the players to re-buy. The turbo structure meant a high speed of play throughout the day as players looked to move up the leader-board to mount a charge at the money-paying top six where a AUD$825,000 first prize awaited. With day one ending after 16 grueling levels of play, the final 11 return the next day for the AUD$2,156,000 first prize. 
2013 World Series|2013|The 2013 World Series is a best of seven games contest between two baseball teams: the American League pennant winning Boston Redsox and the National League pennant winning St. Louis Cardinals. The winner of the World Series is crowned the unequivocal champions of baseball. 
2014 FIFA World Cup|2014|The 2014 FIFA World Cup was the 20th FIFA World Cup, the quadrennial world championship for men's national football teams organized by FIFA. It took place in Brazil from 12 June to 13 July 2014, after the country was awarded the hosting rights in 2007. It was the second time that Brazil staged the competition (the first was in 1950), and the fifth time that it was held in South America. 
2014 Taipei 101 New Year's Eve Countdown|2013|Count down to the New Year with Taiwan's biggest event of the year! The "2014 Taipei 101 New Year's Eve Countdown" promises to be the must-see event of the year, with past years' events being named by CNN as among the "Top 10 Countries With the Most Unique Countdowns" and drawing thousands of spectators to Taipei's beautiful 101 Building, which is 509 meters high. 
2015 FIFA Women's World Cup|2015|Elidih Barbour presents a feature on Canada captain Christine Sinclair, highlights of France vs. South Korea, the second part of Tina Daheley's interview with England coach Mark Sampson, plus live round of 16 coverage of Canada vs. Switzerland. 
2015 MTV Video Music Awards with People Magazine|2015|Brandi Cyrus hosts the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards Red Carpet Special for 1iota and People Magazine. Brandi catches up with her family, Big Sean, Fall Out Boy's Pete Wentz & Patrick Stump, Shawn Mendes, Kat Graham, and they play the #WreckingBallGame! 
2015 SBS Drama Awards|2015|If you're a fan of Korean drama, do not miss this year-end show. The "SBS Drama Awards" which celebrates the best dramas and comedians of the year, according to the large Korean network. Since 1993, every year on December 31, the SBS Drama Awards is part of the SBS Awards, which includes the SBS Entertainment Awards and the SBS K-pop Awards. 
2015 Taipei 101 New Year's Eve Countdown|2014|Count down to the New Year with Taiwan's biggest event of the year! The "2015 Taipei 101 New Year's Eve Countdown" promises to be the must-see event of the year, with past years' events being named by CNN as among the "Top 10 Countries With the Most Unique Countdowns" and drawing thousands of spectators to Taipei's beautiful 101 Building, which is 509 meters high. 
2016 DMC Festival|2016|The "2016 DMC Festival" is an annual festival celebrating the best of the Hallyu wave. Sponsored by MBC, the 2nd annual festival was held October 1-11, 2016, at the Sangam Culture Plaza and at MBC headquarters at Sangam-dong, Seoul, South Korea. The 11-day musical festival features awards shows, exhibitions and showcase performances by the hottest K-pop groups and artists. 
2016 SBS Drama Awards|2016|Who will take home the top prizes at the "2016 SBS Drama Awards"? The "SBS Drama Awards" is an annual awards ceremony that celebrates the top dramas of the year, as well as the top actors and actresses, by the Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS), one of the major broadcasting networks in South Korea. Awarded since 1993, the awards program used to be called the "SBS Awards Festival" and is held each year on December 31. 
2016 SBS K Pop Awards|2016|This is one of the most exciting year-end musical celebration programs in K-pop. The "2016 SBS K-Pop Awards" is an annual music program that celebrates the best K-pop music and artists by the Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS), one of the major broadcasting networks in South Korea. 
2025|2015|Kaylin's childhood friend Finian tries to investigate the case together with her, but they end up getting more than they bargained for. Meanwhile, Presidential Candidate William Tay's son David has a dark secret he's hiding from his father. 
2050: Designing the Future|2011|The program showcases how 9 designers and scenario planners are taking an imaginative leap into a possible future. Covering today's biggest concerns - from food production, to transport, to sustainable cities, and even to entertainment - we explore their visions of successful life on our planet in 2050. 
2091|2016|It's the year 2091. The best seven gamers in the world are recruited by a powerful company to travel to the moon of Calisto and play against each other at an extreme video game. But everything will change when one of them, discovers the sinister truth that hides within the game that may put their own lives in danger. 
20aÒero a los 40|2016|After being in a coma for 27 years Pancho Bustamante wakes up in a different body and a world he doesn't remember. Fascinated by the political, social and technological changes that happened during this time he's also disappointed because the future is not exactly what he expected. 
20tantos|2002|Gloria is a normal, neither rich nor poor girl, although very amusing and intelligent. When beginning the series, she has just left an employment to enter to work as scholarship holder in an important portal of Internet. There she knows Miguel and she is been captivated of their enthusiasm, their natural charm, their idealism and, of course, their physical attractiveness. Miguel places in the web an idealistic and controversial article that takes him to face with the director of the company works. Miguel is said goodbye to, so he decides to create his own portal of Internet, for which claims the collaboration of his partners. Only Gloria decides to accompany him. Gloria makes it for love, because it has been made illusions with Miguel. So she is ruined when discovering that he has a girlfriend, Natalia. Gloria has given up a stable and promising employment for anything. 
20th Century Greats|2004|In this four-part series, musician 'Howard Goodall' (qv) examines the work of 'The Beatles' (qv), 'Cole Porter' (qv), 'Bernard Herrmann (I)' (qv) and 'Leonard Bernstein' (qv), and explains why their compositions stand above all others as the towering achievements of 20th century music. 
20th Century with Mike Wallace|1995|Television news journalist Mike Wallace hosts this hour-long series taking a look back at some of the most important historic events and issues of the 20th century from the civil rights movement to the World Wars to the war against tobacco companies. 
21 Beacon Street|1959|Private investigator Dennis Chase operates with a staff made up of the stunning Lola, new attorney Brian, and talented linguist Jim. Using specific methods they determine the guilty party and leave the rest to the police of an unnamed city. 
21 Cards|2009|Filmed live in the 2,500 seat Showroom of Mystic Lake Casino Hotel, 21 Cards was the Twin Cities only locally-produced, televised game show. Each week, new contestants navigated 19 cash cards & 2 jokers in an attempt to win $15,000. Hosted by Mike Rylander & Natalie Kane, 13 episodes aired every Saturday night at 6PM on The CW Twin Cities from September 12th, 2009 through December 5th, 2009. 
21 Icons|2013|21 Icons South Africa invites audiences into intimate conversations with South Africa's most iconic sons and daughters. They talk about what it means to be South African, share personal memories of growing up in one of the most diverse countries in the world and the influence that Nelson Mandela has had on their lives. The documentary opens with South Africa's icons describing exactly where they were when Nelson Mandela was released. Their thoughts, their joy and their fears are exposed as an audience relives or is exposed to this incredible period of South Africa's history for the very first time.This story is a celebration of a nation that has learnt through adversity that 'together we are better.' 
21 Jump Street|1987|21 Jump Street is the headquarters for a squad of police officers who specialize in investigations relating to young people. Each of the Jump St. personnel was selected for their ability to pass for high school or college students, allowing them to operate undercover in areas where it is difficult for regular police officers to blend in unnoticed. 
21 Thunder|2017|In the cutthroat world of pro soccer, a club lives and dies by the stars on its under-21 team. They are the future and lifeblood of any franchise, but most will never make it. 21 THUNDER is the story of the Montreal Thunder U21 team, following the team's star players on and off the field. A story of love, crime, race, sex and athletic glory, at its core the series is about how a group of players and coaches unite as family in the whirlwind of life, one step away from the pros. 
21 Toki no Onna|2001|Miki Katsuragi has just landed a job as an anchorwoman for the nine o'clock news. But despite the success and popularity she attains, Miki carries with her a dark secret when the camera stops rolling: her non-stop addiction to masturbation. When a cue-card holder catches her in the act in the dressing room, he blackmails her into doing anything as he pleases to keep her addiction a secret. 
21st Century Bard: The Making of Twelfth Night|2003|This documentary, aired as a TV series, details the creation of Channel 4's updated version of Shakespeare's Twelfth Night. Including interviews with the director and cast, comparisons with previous adaptations of the Bard's works, and behind-the-scenes looks at the making of this TV movie, which intertwines classic literature with the modern-day issues of interracial romance and the plight of asylum-seekers in Europe. 
21st Century Television with Host Donald Trump Jr|2014|21st Century Television with guest host Donald Trump Jr. is an award winning business show that is independently produced by MMP (USA), Inc. The series provides its business viewers an in-depth opportunity to find solutions to the industry problems from some of the top business leaders across the world. Since 1995, MMP has featured over 5,000 companies participating in over 500 shows. 
21st Century Terror|2006|Ten part series on terrorism focusing on Islamic extremism from its early roots through the current conflict with the West. Two of the 10 parts are taken from earlier run theatrically released documentary 'Inside 9/11,' screened again with 8 new documentary hours as part of National Geographic "Terrorism Week: Reign of Terror: Al Qaeda and the World Islamic Front for Jihad" 
21st Century War|2002|Part one. Sorious Samura explores the changing face of war, focusing on its impact on the lives of ordinary people. In particular, he looks at the experiences of those on the receiving end of military interventions by American forces in Somalia, Sudan and Afghanistan Part two. In the concluding part of the documentary, Sierra Leone-born film-maker Sorious Samura reports on the large number of conflicts throughout the modern world which are fought with little more than rusty old rifles and, in some cases, bows and arrows. He assesses how state control has slipped in many parts of the world, to be replaced by ancient rivalries often derived from contrasting religious beliefs. Visiting Indonesia, Kyrgyzstan and Somalia, he reveals the truth about war in areas of comparatively limited means. 
227|1985|Based on a play about the lives of women residing in a black apartment building in 1950s Chicago, by Christine Houston, Marla Gibbs, who first shot to stardom for playing the sarcastic housekeeper to Louise & George Jefferson, Florence Johnston, in "The Jeffersons," got her own series. In this sitcom, she starred as Mary Jenkins, a tart-tongued, sharp housewife, who enjoyed a great deal of gossip, and often spoke of what she'd believed, not-so-good results. 227 was also about the many African-Americans who resided in a Washington, D.C. apartment building, among the many of her residents were Lester Jenkins, Mary's husband who was a construction worker, Brenda Jenkins, a teenaged daughter of Mary's & Lester's, whose very scholarly, when at times, she overdoes things and apologizes, Pearl Shay, an annoying, yet open-minded neighbor, who believes in gossip, the same topic Mary believes in, and Rose Halloway, a best friend of Mary's who show sympathy to the neighbors, who in turn, had a daughter, Tiffany. When the landlord dies [in the pilot episode], Rose took over Mr. Calloway's place, afterwards, until the fourth season. But at least somebody was as argumentative to Mary, until one day, her attractive, young building vamp, Sandra Clark, came over, and started feuding off and on with Mary about their own respective lives. 
24 Carat|2015|Haya lives with her husband Youssef, a wealthy businessman, a serene life in a mountainous area in Lebanon. But their life changes drastically when a gang attempts to murder Youssef, leaving him with severe injuries that nearly took his life. Mira arrives by chance at the site of the incident and takes the unconscious Youssef to her house to medically aid him and discovers that he has lost his memory. Things gets complicated when Mira starts to fall in love with Youssef. 
24 Hour Catwalk|2012|The theme of this episode is all about active wear and the great outdoors. For the first challenge, the four designers must take an oversized football jersey and create a stylish look for the contemporary soccer mom. The two designers who make it through to the 24 hour challenge are lucky to find the second trunk filled with beautiful Swarovski elements. This episode is all about Vintage. The first cut challenge gives four designers the task of repurposing a green polyester 70s jumpsuit into a sexy cocktail dress. The theme of vintage continues into the 24 hour challenge, as the second trunk contains vintage newspapers from the 60s, 70s and 80s. 
24 Hour Design|2006|Angelo does it again by turning the living room of these first time homeowners from bland to beautiful! This week, with the help of Kimberly Pollard's artistic faux finishing techniques and the carpentry skills of Russ Hemmis, this makeover will be done in just 24 hours! 
24 Hour Panel People|2011|'David Walliams' (qv) raises money for Comic Relief by appearing in a 24-hour marathon of various popular panel shows, comprising _"Would I Lie to You?" (2007)_ (qv), _"8 Out of 10 Cats" (2005)_ (qv), Just a Minute, _"It's Only TV... But I Like It" (1999)_ (qv), _"Bruce Forsyth and the Generation Game" (1971)_ (qv), _"Through the Keyhole" (1987)_ (qv), _"Blankety Blank" (1979)_ (qv), _"Mock the Week" (2005)_ (qv), _"Celebrity Juice" (2008)_ (qv), _"Argumental" (2008)_ (qv), _"QI" (2003)_ (qv), _"They Think It's All Over" (1995)_ (qv), _"Call My Bluff" (1965/II)_ (qv), _"Give Us a Clue" (1979)_ (qv), _"What's My Line" (1951)_ (qv), _"Mastermind" (1972)_ (qv), _"Have I Got News for You" (1990)_ (qv), _"Whose Line Is It Anyway?" (1988)_ (qv) and _"Never Mind the Buzzcocks" (1996)_ (qv). 
24 Hour Rental|2014|In a "Clerks" meets "Sopranos" gangster series, petty criminals operate a shady video rental store. Forget about gallows humor, 24Hr. Rental is black comedy 2 weeks after the execution. 24 HOUR RENTAL follows Tracker (Orzari), a former Mafia boss. Having barely avoided an early retirement in a shallow grave, he now operates a seedy video store. Struggling to stay afloat in the Internet age, Tracker runs his shop as a front for a host of petty crimes-from fencing jewellery to peddling dope cut with Drano and desperation-all in hopes of returning to power. Tracker, a former Mafia boss, having barely avoided an early retirement in a shallow grave, now operates a seedy video store. Struggling to stay afloat in the Internet age, Tracker runs his shop as a front for a host of petty crimes, from fencing jewelry to peddling dope cut with Drano and desperation, all in hopes of returning to power. 
24 Hours in Police Custody|2014|An outbreak of teen criminality puts Police on a 22-hour shift to find the evidence against a young hooligan accused of robbery and assault. He denies it all and plays the victim. Will they find enough to charge him, or will he be released? 
24 Hours in the Life of a City|2001|Apparently, it is an ordinary day. Just a nice, ordinary day. Hours go by, one after the other. Noon to midnight, midnight to noon: the big pendulum of the city life is in perpetual movement. From the first light of dawn to the last lights late into the night, a capital - or metropolis- never really sleeps. Each time, it is a new face of the city that is brought to the viewer. A new place to discover, famous or unknown, up front or behind the scenes, meeting new people and sharing bits of life at any time of the day or the night. To each hour its own labor, haste, relaxation, pleasure and feeling. To each hour its own sounds, colors, smells, lights and pace. "24 hours in the Life of a City" is a whole different way of discovering a city. It is not being passive before a succession of postcards. It is rather diving into it. Experiencing it from the inside, side by side with those who live there, be it daylight or night. The idle and the workers, the high society and the ordinary people, all typical and anonymous. From noon to midnight, from midnight to noon. 
24 horas|1970|Daily Mexican TV newscast just before bedtime, that complemented news with unique images, reports, interviews, phone calls from correspondents, investigations, and for some time a variety of cartoon, rhymed humor, sports and bullfighting sections. 
24 to Life|2016|Xyrjah is a 22-year-old single mother who is paying the price for a crime she has committed. We will follow her as she tries to explain the crime she has committed to her son, as well as, reconcile with her family. She must also face the victims of her crime in person, face-to-face. William is a father and an accountant, but he let his addiction consume his life. In his last 24 hours of freedom, he must try to save his marriage, as well as, set an example for his two sons 
24|2001|In this concept drama, each season takes place within one 24 hour period. Day 1: Jack Bauer is the head of field ops for an elite team of CTU agents who uncover an assassination plot targeting Presidential nominee David Palmer. Meanwhile, Jack's strained marriage to his wife, Teri, is pushed to the brink by the sudden disappearance of their troubled teenage daughter. What will the next 24 hours hold? Day 2: It's been more than a year after Jack Bauer experienced the longest and most painful day of his life. But things are about to get much worse. A nuclear bomb has been planted in Los Angeles. President David Palmer has no choice but to call Jack back to CTU for another day of hardships. Mason, the new head, is, of course, not happy about this. Now, his daughter Kim is running from her employer, who is threatening to kill her. Palmer now must deal with his political staff, most of which are plotting against his actions on how to deal with the crisis. And Jack must face the toughest challenge of his life... finding the bomb with aid from the woman who killed his wife, Nina Myers. The clock is ticking... Day 3: 3 years after the 2nd season, Jack Bauer is still working at CTU along with his daughter, Kim, and her boyfriend, Chase. Things begin to heat up as a drug cartel threatens to release a virus if their leader is not released. President Palmer is running for re-election and has to deal with a smear campaign launched by his opponent, and a traitor is operating in CTU. Day 4: 18 months after Season 3. Jack has been fired by Tony Almeida's replacement, Erin Driscoll, as have most of the agents featured in Season 3, except Chloe O'Brian. Jack now works for the Secretary of Defense, James Heller, and is dating his daughter, Audrey Raines. Jack has sworn to put his past behind him, but as a new threat emerges and Jack finds himself on the verge of returning to the life he tried to forget. Day 5: 18 Months have passed since Jack Bauer stole away across the train tracks after faking his own death. He's now living a quiet life in Bakersfield California, with a new love interest and her teenage son. But when a terrorist sniper's bullet kills one of his dearest friends, Jack Bauer cocks his gun and heads back to Los Angeles, and another day of work as America's most dangerous counter-terrorist agent. 
24/604|2013|Have you ever wanted to test your culinary palate, but didn't know where to go? Get more active and adventurous but weren't quite sure where to sign up? Or find a great place for a night out, but had no idea which places had the vibe you were looking for? Like the friend you would call to find out, 24/604 is a New Vancouver lifestyle show that will take you around our city to show you just where to go. Guided by our Host Angelina Rai, we will provide you with what you need to know to get out and explore those places that you didn't know and have always wanted to try. If you're wondering what living in a natural playground would be like, you would be living here on the West Coast. Our fit & fun host Stephanie Florian gets the exciting job of introducing the viewers to the many activities, leagues, and sports out there to help open the door to these amazing adventures. From the extreme to the social and recreational, each will provide a new way to enjoy life. Our city is also a haven for some of the best food in the world. Through growing up in and traveling to countries all around the world, our Food Host Momona Komagata will take our viewers inside the restaurant. From food carts popping up, to kitchens with world renowned chefs and the secrets of a family owned business, each will introduce us to an amazing culinary experience. The Night Life of a City is the pulse of it, and by covering some of the great places people can go for a night out, whether it's a club with the best hip hop night, one of the summers many night markets, a free outdoor movie night, or a comedy club with a great Improv group, our Night Life Host Christina Meng has the energy to bring you along for a fun night out. Finally, With all of the coverage we are doing to show our viewers the many things out there, just how do we know what they are looking for? Our Streeter Host Levi Hildenbrand takes his acting chops and infectious personality to the streets to talk with the public, asking them various questions and bringing their opinions, energy, and excitement to our viewers. 
24/7 Chicago|2008|"24/7 Chicago: Secrets of the City" is the newest, the hottest and the most honest look at the city of Chicago and the people that keep it running 24 hours a day, seven days a week. The show takes the viewer out on the streets and behind the scenes of Chicago via its people. Viewers not only connect with Chicagoans, but experience the city through their eyes. Whether it's a nationally known celebrity visiting the Windy City or a local resident who has lived here for 20 years, viewers get to visit a favorite out-of-the-way restaurant or park, experience a beloved special event or relive a few great Chicago memories. 
24/7 Sunset Strip|2017|24/7 Sunset Strip a busy Hollywood store located on The Strip right smack-dab in the middle of the movie studios, clubs and historic music venues. Nightly chaos involves their customer base ranging from drunks, hookers, mental defectives, pimps, homeless and the power hungry ego-maniacal Hollywood rich and famous. 
24/7 Tebow vs. Mayweather|2013|Tebow and Mayweather are introduced as they are preparing for their upcoming fight. Catch up with Jim Tebow as he trains in Tebowtown and Benoit Mayweather as he uses unconventional training methods to prepare for his first fight in 4 years. 
24/7: Airport|2002|Behind the scenes at John F. Kennedy International Airport. Completed only months before 9/11/2001, "24/7: Airport" is a rare award-winning look at the inner workings of the famous airport (from the Tarmack to the Control Tower) that has been called the Ellis Island of the Space Age. Made in full participation with the Port Autority Of New York & New Jersey, this fast paced film details many of the arduous and often dangerous tasks facing the thousands of men and women whose job it is to keep one of the world's busiest international airports operating smoothly - 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Through sunny skies and three New York sized blizzards, Director/Cinematographer Neil Barrett and Producer/Cinematographer Chapin Wilson go behind the scenes where few cameras have been before or since. 
240-Robert|1979|240-ROBERT followed the exploits of the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department Emergency Services Detail. Utilizing helicopters, boats and a customized Ford Bronco, the team managed to extract hapless citizens from various dangerous situations. The series was based on the real life 240 unit of the Sheriff's Department. 
24: Conspiracy|2005|This "spin-off" of the television show "24", seen only on cell phones, was a promotional tool for season four of the hit show. The events take place at a CTU in Washington D.C. CTU agent Martin Kail is called in to investigate when former lover and fellow CTU agent Susan Walker kills a DOD official. 
24: Day Six - Debrief|2007|24: Day 6 Debrief is a web-based series of five episodes, each a few minutes long. Set a few hours after the events of the sixth season, the series follows Jack Bauer as he is reluctantly drawn back to Division to be debriefed on his imprisonment in China twenty months prior. 
24: Legacy|2016|After leading a mission to eliminate terrorist leader Ibrahim Bin-Khalid, Eric Carter returns to the U.S. and finds out that he and his squad mates are targeted for assassination in retaliation for Bin-Khalid's death. With nowhere else to turn, Carter asks CTU to help him save his life while also stopping one of the largest-scale terror attacks on American soil. 
24: Live Another Day|2014|Four years after the events of Day 8, Jack Bauer remains a federal fugitive. Meanwhile, amid growing concerns over the use of US military drones in combat, President James Heller pays a visit to London to negotiate a treaty to continue their basing on British soil. Having heard rumors of an imminent attack against Heller, Bauer resurfaces in the city, where he is apprehended by the CIA and forcibly recruited into joining their investigation. As forces within the White House conspire against him, Bauer realizes that the complexity of the plot extends beyond a presidential assassination, and that the consequences of a successful attack will alter the course of history. With the help of a disgraced CIA agent and a hacker collective preaching free information, he must confront an unseen enemy whose personal vendetta threatens to push the world to the brink of war. 
24K Orange|2016|An interview with Mission San Juan Capistrano Executive Director, Mechelle Lawrence Adams, as she discusses some of the challenges and joys of caring for and planning for the continuing success and future of the "Jewel of the California Missions." 
24h Danger|2016|Minesweepers, fishermen, volcanologists, bouncers or tornado hunters, dangerous jobs are as varied as they are impressive. What pushes these men and women to trade their reassuring briefcase for jobs where the slightest mistake could have dire consequences? Aren't they afraid of anything? What are their families' worries or fears? And above all, what makes their work so exciting and worth all the risks? By exploring the daily lives of people with dangerous jobs, the series 24 heures : danger. promises to keep you on the edge of your seat. Each episode presents two fascinating and lively individuals whose professional lives are far from routine or mundane. United by a common theme, they confront danger or put their lives at risk on a daily basis. 
25 & Counting|2016|A pair of cousins, Rily and Andie, have both just turned 25-years-old and are experiencing a Quarter-Life Crisis! All of their friends are getting married and having babies, but they still have big dreams that they have not accomplished yet. How did 25 years pass so fast? What can they do to change their lives before another year passes? Hilarious events ensue as the two, along with Rily's brother, Benjamin Benjamin, try to fulfill their dreams, succeed in work, and date, all throughout the ups & downs of living an unpredictable life in Los Angeles. 
25 Frames|2010|25 Frames is a half hour variety show where the three hosts review upcoming movies and discuss ways to help other budding filmmakers break into the film industry. Often this includes interviews with other Filmmakers. Each show also contains a variety of comedy sketches parodying famous movies, scenes and situations. 25 Frames refers to the rate of Australian Video cameras 
26 Men|1957|One of Kelton's riders reports that his son has been abducted by a group of Apaches led by Cochise himself. Rynning quickly organizes a posse to pursue the renegades, but their rescue mission is dogged by misfortune and, eventually, murder. The rangers begin to suspect that a member of their posse is in cahoots with the abductors, who may not be Indians after all. 
26 N. Halsted|2000|26 N. Halsted is a 30-minute issue responsive public affairs program designed to address, discuss and disseminate information relevant to Chicago and its communities. It is our goal to conduct thought-provoking discussions that directly and indirectly affect you and your neighborhoods. Our panel is made up of both prominent community members, who are recognized experts in the given issue being discussed, as well as the average "man on the street," who these issues affect. If you are looking for a program for, by and about Chicagoans ... 26 N. Halsted is your one stop shop for information. 
26000 gezichten|2004|26000 gezichten (26000 faces) is an initiative of a 100 Dutch Filmmakers, who question the expel of a huge group of long term staying asylum seekers in the Netherlands. The goal is to make personal cinematic portraits of this unfortunate group of people, for daily broadcasting on national TV. "Harry" tells the story of Abdikarim. After war, fear and captivity, this Somalian young man, now has to leave again, from Holland... 
2613|2012|'2613' is a Suspense, Thriller and Action show that revolves around the planning of a terror plot. Shahana, a strong-willed woman whose aim is to make the 2613 mission a success, Randeep is the special task force agent who aids Rashmi in her endeavour to thwart the 2613 plot. Will Shahana manage to execute the terror plot or will Rashmi succeed in preventing it? This is the story of Rashmi, a common girl turned special agent fights back terrorism. 
26th Golden Melody Awards|2015|Celebrate all the top music and artists of Taiwan! The Golden Melody Awards is Taiwan's equivalent of the Grammy Awards and celebrates the best of Taiwanese music in Mandarin, Taiwanese, Hakka and Formosan languages. Presented by the Ministry of Culture, the 26th Golden Melody Awards for the Popular Music Category was held on June 27, 2015, and was hosted by Harlem Yu. 
2900 Happiness|2007|Jan Erik having fun with his young female acquaintances in the pool when the phone rings. It is Mercedes who is on her way home from Sicily to the exam, and it may well be that playboy get busy preparing for her daughter's homecoming. Simon is busy and Freya also. They will, surprise Mercedes when she arrives. At the port scout apparently in vain for her and a boat on the water. But perhaps it is in a completely different element to look for Mercedes. She is utterly his own. 
2Fur1|2011|2Fur1 Season 2 is a comedy mockumentary where a film crew follows two best friends, a girl and her talking dog, to Hollywood California. The star struck girl can't catch her big break while her dog seems to be making his mark. The dog lands every acting audition and pays their bills even though he wants nothing to do with the industry. Will their friendship stay strong or will the dog end up stealing the show? 2Fur1 Season 1 follows Jahnna and Gizmo around in California in a reality style show. A one person crew (filmed by Jahnna). A day in the life style series. Season 2 takes the idea from season 1 but is fully scripted. A full cast and crew! And Gizmo the Chihuahua even talks in season 2! 
2Real4U|2017|The Synopsis of this Five Season Christian Drama Mini Series , In this dysfunctional Christian Drama Mini Series. will give you what people would say REAL TALK" on the life styles of this world, and have you question the state of the minds, it reveals the tensions of families that can have the same overview of hidden secrets that could destroy families and communities, In addition the drama miniseries has a dose of soapy fun, excitement, drama, suspense, filled with the typical betrayals, affairs, manipulations, illness, death, trust, poverty, drugs, crime and forgiveness in the mist. But will give and leave you with knowing there is nothing 2REAL4U. 
2gether: The Series|2000|The group is set to perform at a children's hospital when QT starts to date Mandy Moore--or who he thinks is Mandy Moore. The group tries everything to get rid of the girl, while simultaneously not letting QT know it's not really Mandy Moore. 
2nd Avenue|2013|After seeing Mariko trying hard to find acting jobs that may give her a visa and allow her to stay in the U.S., Taichi apologizes for what he said about her career and her English and changing his mind about the green card marriage. Taichi and Anthony help Mariko practice for what is likely to be her last audition. Mariko is nervous but thinks she's ready for it. 
2nd Generation|2016|As Ticoon's, Virginia's and Brody's relationship blossoms so does the money, catching the eyes of the authorities, as well as straining the already tender relationship with Everett. Meanwhile Jacob's love life is putting a mysterious wedge between him and his father. 
2point4 Children|1991|2point4 Children is a BBC television sitcom that was created and written by Andrew Marshall. It follows the lives of the Porters; a seemingly average family whose world is frequently turned upside-down, due to bad luck and bizarre occurrence. The show was originally broadcast on BBC One from 1991 to 1999, and ran for eight series, concluding with 30 December 1999 special episode, "The Millennium Experience". The September 2000 death from cancer of one of the lead actors, Gary Olsen, who played the father, ended the possibility of any subsequent specials. The show is now repeated regularly in the UK on Gold and Drama, and in Australia on UKTV. The title of the show refers to the once average size of a UK family. There are two children in the Porter family, however Andrew Marshall has indicated that the father, Ben, could be considered almost another child, making up the "point four". The show regularly picked up large audiences of up to 14 million in the early 1990s, with an average of between 6 and 9 million, the final episode was viewed by 9.03 million people. 
3 Chefs 1 City|2015|3 Chefs, 1 City is a sexy and stylish television invitation to the global food revolution. Each episode showcases one of the world's greatest foodie destinations such as Hong Kong, Paris, Cape Town, New York or Rio. These are cities that are known for their culinary scene and are filled with innovative Chefs and world class restaurants. Each episode features 1 city and 3 Chefs who take the viewer on a personal tour to showcase their kitchen skills, restaurant, the city's culinary scene and their own passion for food and wine. 3 Chefs, 1 City offers the viewer a curated look into the passion and the personality of 3 diverse culinary leaders, whether they're already famous, up and coming, or simply the most notorious Chefs in the business. It's rare access and an insider's view of food culture as lived by the industry's leaders. 3 Chefs, 1 City is a platform to bring food love to the world. 
3 Day Weekend|2003|3 Day Weekend brings viewers the luxurious spas, beautiful bed and breakfasts, historical sites and breathtaking scenery that make the South unique. 3 Day Weekend is the definitive guide on where to go, where to stay, and what to do for the most fun, relaxation and great memories a long weekend can offer. 
3 Gun Nation|2011|The sport of 3 Gun tests the competitors' skill in rifle, pistol and shotgun on challenging, physically demanding courses. Scores are based on a shooter's final stage time adjusted for bonus time and penalties. The 3 Gun Nation Pro Series puts the best 3 gunners in the country in direct competition with each other, and in each match the top competitor wins $5,000. Shooters win points to qualify for the 3 Gun Nation Championship and the $50,000 Grand Prize. 
3 Guys in a Booth|2011|The series follows 3 guys that visit locations that boast great booths, where they eat, drink, comment on the food, fun, and the atmosphere. They deliver funny, thought-provoking, insightful and controversial commentary on, Women, cars, travel, sports, nightlife, food, fashion, the latest gadgets and more. They are Real Guys, they share Real Stories and Real Opinions. The occasional guest in a booth adds another unique and interesting dynamic and dimension to the discussions. 
3 News|1989|One of the country's longest serving broadcasters is hanging up the microphone after 57 years in the industry. Neil Collins has been a familiar voice on Dunedin airwaves, as well as on stage and television, and he's met his fair share of international stars. Today was a trip down memory lane for Mr Collins, as the veteran broadcaster prepared to sign off for the final time. Friends and colleagues from throughout his career called in to wish him well, and although it was emotional, Mr Collins was content. He's worked in television and as a concert compere, and he's interviewed many of music's biggest names, including The Beatles, Elvis Presley, and Roy Orbison. 
3 Non-Blondes|2003|Gary Reich, the man who started the hidden-camera careers of Sacha Baron Cohen (Da Ali G Show) and Dom Joly (Trigger Happy TV), has found three women to take to the streets and carry the genre just that little bit further. Nothing is sacred and no-one is safe. 
3 Orbs of Light|2011|Rue Jensen is a normal 30-something girl with a normal job. But when the immortal wizard Kai informs her that she is destined to be one of the protectors of the 3 Orbs of Light, Rue is thrown into a whole new world - complete with wizards, assassins, ancient magical relics and the mysterious 3 Orbs themselves - balls of energy infused with the mental, physical and spiritual aspects of the universe. Along with her fellow protectors (the amazingly intelligent Taylor 'Tres' Ressen and the bad-ass fighter Ally "Astrid'' Strider), Rue must travel back to the past and into the future to find the lost orbs before their mysterious assassin enemies do. 
3 Peas in a Podcast|2013|"3 Peas in a Podcast" follows three energized, wild teenage hosts: Adam Murciano, Selena Kazarian and Hanna Edwards as they dive into hilarious personal stories and pop culture events. The fifteen to twenty minute comedy series premiered at number 1 on the iTunes' "New and Noteworthy" charts and stayed there for 13 weeks. This gained the show a worldwide audience and a season two pickup by MTV.com! 
3 Strikes|2012|A professional softball player, Megan, finds herself suspended from the league after attacking an umpire. Her punishment? Move back home with her parents, undergo anger management therapy and coach softball at her old high school. Karma can be a real b*itch. And so can Megan. 
3 bogatyrya|2002|From the very province of Russia three "Bogatyri" have just arrived to very heart of Russia: the famous, huge and capital Moscow. Their intention is to build a new life style and get the success they have always dreamed about...through the adventures they never expect to go through! 
3 by Cheever|1979|Cash Bentley and his wife Louise lead an average upper-middle-class life in suburbia, with a nice home and two fine children. But Cash grows increasingly unsettled in his life, yearning for the glories of his athletic youth and watching them fade further in the distance with accumulating age. Louise worries about him as his difficulties with mid-life pull him further away from happiness and comfort with his family. 
3 lbs.|2006|A young man has a motorcycle accident, and goes into a coma. After a round of tests it is discovered that he is responsive to the sound of his girfriend's voice. Adrianne had a relationship like this when she was young. Hanson has to convince his daughter that it is okay that her mother sells their house. 
3 x rien|2003|La vie d'Alex, Louis et Jean-FranÁois qui, ‡ l'aube de la trentaine, font tout pour se placer les pieds - en se les mettant parfois dans les plats. Un heureux mÈlange de rÈalitÈ et de fiction, o˘ les Mecs comiques dÈcrivent les petits riens de l'existence avec un humour mordant. 
3|2012|During the series premiere of "3," 29-year-old entrepreneur April Francis, 34-year-old pharmaceutical sales rep Rachel Harley and 24-year-old model Libby Lopez meet for the first time at their luxurious lakeside home in Chicago, where they will begin their quest for love by meeting eligible men from across the country. 
3%|2016|A world divided into progress and devastation. The link between the two sides - Offshore and Inland - is a rigorous and painstaking system called The Process. Everyone in Inland has a chance to go through The Process to live a better life in Offshore. But only 3% make it through. 
3's a Crowd|1979|"Who knows a man better his wife or his secretary?" This Chuck Barris game show sought to resolve the age-old question. Points were awarded based on how a male contestant's wife and secretary answered (usually risque) questions. The winning team either the wives or the secretaries split a $1,000 cash prize. 
3-2-1 Contact|1980|In this series, we follow the explorations of kids as they explore science in its various fields with experiments, films, cartoons and demonstrations. To highlight these principles application in an entertaining way, we also watch the cases of the Bloodhound Gang, a group of kids who are junior detectives for a private detective agency who use simple scientific knowledge, research and deduction to solve the crimes they encounter. 
3-2-1 Penguins!|2006|Jason takes the stage as a stand-up comedian to take the place of the broken Ventril-o-matic at the Comet Lounge. Trouble is, he gets his material by making fun of his friends. Michelle is especially heartbroken when he reveals a lullaby she sings to herself to get to sleep. Jason comes to a crossroad and has to decide whether to continue this new career path or make amends with his friends. 
3-South|2002|The adventures of two irresponsible freshmen, Sanford and Del, who are forced to live with an uptight, pre-med student Joe. Hapless high school buddies, Sanford and Del arrive at the third-rate Barder College oblivious to what higher education is all about. 
3-nen B-gumi Kinpachi Sensei|1979|Kinpachi Sakamoto is the homeroom teacher for a group of third-year students known as the "B-Group". The students are from a wide range of backgrounds, and have an equally wide range of hopes, plans and problems. Mr. Sakamoto sticks by every one of his students, doing his best to help all of them realize their dreams. This series is frequently restarted, with a new class of students each year. 
30 Days 'Til I'm Famous|2008|What is it to be a superstar? We suspect it's not at all what you think it is. All of us, at some time or another, come to a point our lives where we need to choose what path to go down. In many respects its like standing in front of a bridge - a bridge in life sort-of-speak. But if your goal in crossing that bridge is to become a superstar on the other side, you're going to find that in crossing it you're going to be on your own; that none of your friends are going to dare to go with you; and that when you get to the other side you're going to lose control and the only thing you will know, is that everything you know will do you no good from thereon. Everything on the other side of that bridge is new, and the choice is yours to make your world beautiful . . . or to make it crap. The choice is yours and yours alone. Our story follows the journeys of three different musical groups as they aspire to ascend toward superstardom. One of the groups is poor and living in the ghetto, and they are the victims of abusive relationships and broken families. Another group is a typical suburban garage band supported by friends and a family who loves them and cares about their dreams. The third group is filthy rich - and while it would seem the rich guys could simply buy their way to the top, the reality is that the one thing they want more than anything in life can not be bought. Now, while all of these groups of musicians come from vastly diverse backgrounds and have completely different motivations for wanting to become famous, underneath it all, they are all the same.... they just don't know it yet. All of them are going to cross the same bridge, and on the other side, all of them will face choices and all of them will have the opportunity to turn their new world into something beautiful . . . or to let it turn into crap. The choice is theirs, and theirs alone. We are going to find in our story that some people - no matter how talented they may be - simply do not deserve to be famous. For you can fight to make it to the top, and you can struggle to get away from where you've come from . . . but when you get to the end of your journey and you find yourself looking into the mirror expecting to see a superstar facing back at you, you're going to see the truth. You're going to see, more clearly than ever before, all the places where you've been and all the people you've tried so hard to get away from . . . and you're going to realize that nothing has changed. Nothing but you! You are somebody else now. And for the first time in your life - if you are the true superstar - you will be able to see beauty in everything around you. You'll see it in the toughest and least likely of places. And you will fly. 
30 Days 2 Life|2015|When Dominique catches Mike cheating on her in THEIR BED, it's the final straw! Mike doesn't want to lose her, so he begs her to take him back. Seeing an opportunity to finally take their relationship to the next level, she bets him! 30 days of fidelity...or MARRIAGE! Can Mike stay faithful for a month to keep his freedom? Or will the thots get him locked down...for LIFE! 
30 Days of Dice Living|2011|Putting her life and fate in her hands, Emily Schooley embarks on a 30 day journey into dice living. Will she discover happiness and new experiences, or will the dice lead her to ruin? This documentary covers her experiences throughout the process. Dice living, also known as dice-living, dicing, or die-ing is a way of life made popular by the semi-fictional novel "The Dice Man" (1971). The book follows the adventures of Luke Rhinehart, a man who embraces risk and throws dice to make decisions about all things, including thoughts, actions, and emotions. The concept is to decide on six possible outcomes or choices, listing them from one to six, or odds and evens for a simple yes/no. The answer is decided by the roll of the dice, and most importantly, the dice must always be obeyed no matter what the outcome. 
30 Days of Night: Blood Trails|2007|"30 DAYS OF NIGHT: BLOOD TRAILS" is based on the New Orleans storyline from the original graphic novel by Steve Niles "30 DAYS OF NIGHT." BLOOD TRAILS follows George, a young addict who makes a living seeking covert information for Judith, the weary but wise New Orleans vampire hunter. Ready for change, George plans to score one final job so he can leave town, but finds the road to salvation quickly crumbling when his contacts start turning up dead. Now George must dodge vampires while navigating the harsh underbelly of New Orleans to get his last payday and make it out alive. 
30 Days of Night: Dust to Dust|2007|Sara Maguire is a nurse at a prison. When she and three guards are transferring George, a convicted murder, the group is attacked by a vampire. The prisoner escapes while the vampire manages to kill the guards and slit Sara's throat. Sara manages to escape while bleeding, realizing that she is turning into a vampire. Sara's brother Nick, an ex-cop, hears of the attack at the prison, and goes out looking for her, initially assuming that the escaped prisoner is responsible. 
30 Days|2005|30 Days follows former professional football player Ray Crockett as he learns about the difficulties faced by people with spinal cord injuries by spending 30 days in a wheelchair. He experiences the difficulties faced by those in wheelchairs and talks to those have experienced spinal injuries first hand. 
30 Rock|2006|Elizabeth "Liz" Lemon is the executive show runner for a late night sketch comedy show called "The Girlie Show", that stars her close friend and major drama queen Jenna Maroney. When GE hires a new executive vice president for NBC named Jack Donaghy, he decides to take Liz Lemon under his wing and turn around TGS, which for years has been unable to find the proper audience it deserves. So to do so, he brings on unhinged, wildly unpredictable star Tracy Jordan to turn the series into a ratings hit. But Liz soon finds out that controlling her odd ball writing staff, the NBC page program, keeping Tracy on a short leash, and getting him to get along with Jenna proves to be one disaster after another. Will TGS ever see true success? And will Liz find the right partner to get married and start a family? Based more-than-loosely on backstage shenanigans at _"Saturday Night Live" (1975)_ (qv)," _"30 Rock" (2006)_ (qv)" centers on young Liz Lemon, currently head writer for a live sketch-comedy show in New York. Complications follow when the network's new president orders Liz to hire mentally unstable movie star Tracy Jordan to join the cast, throwing neurotic leading lady (and Liz's best friend) Jenna Maroney into a tizzy. Liz tries to juggle all the egos around her while trying to chase her own dream. Liz Lemon is a producer of a Variety show. Jack Donaghy is a top TV network executive. Tracy Jordan is the unpredictable star of Lemon's hit variety show, "TGS with Tracy Jordan." Lemon constantly has her hands full, juggling corporate interference from Donaghy and off-the-handle star antics from Jordan, all while attempting to salvage her own personal life. 
30 Seconds from Oblivion|2010|Each year, thousands of people flock to Phoenix Arizona to live. And it's no wonder why. Gang activity and drug violence has nearly been wiped out. Crime rate in the city sits at historic lows. For the first time in a long while, people feel safe again. The Chief of police has one man to thank for that. Micheal Warthers. However Micheal is no saint. Quite the opposite. For four years now, he and the chief have quietly worked out a deal. Amnesty for him and his men for bringing in certain kinds of drugs and enforcing a violence free street. As long as the police could tax the money he made, and things were kept quiet, everyone was happy. Now that the city has gotten cleaned up, The police chief wants to revoke control. Micheal has other plans. 
30 Seconds to Fame|2002|30 Seconds to Fame is a fast-paced competitive talent show hosted by Craig J. Jackson. Each half-hour episode will pit approximately 24 acts of diverse talents in 2 rounds of competition. Each round will allow acts up to 30 seconds in which to display their talent for the audience. After the first round, the audience will decide which 3 acts advance to the second round. Following the second round, the audience will vote for the winner of the $25,000 weekly prize. In this fast-paced half hour, both talented and not-so-talented contestants have 30 seconds to demonstrate a particular skill to the judges and a cynical studio audience. At the end of each episode, one lucky winner will take home $25,000. 
30 Shakh LeSha'a|2012|A drama about 3 women, from remote harsh backgrounds, that decide to take their fate into their own hands and open a joint business. The women work as cleaning ladies at an office building in the city. They are all employed by the same manpower agency, but have never met or exchanged a single word. This is a story about transparent women. 
30 for 30 Shorts|2012|With the nation gripped by Kansas City Royals' fever, filmmaker Josh Swade flew to South Korea. He was dead set on bringing back the Royals' good luck charm- super fan SungWoo Lee- in time for the World Series. SungWoo's fandom became a viral sensation this past summer when he flew to Kansas City to see his beloved team in person for the first time. The Royals caught wind and asked SungWoo to throw out the first pitch at a home game. Twitter fanned the flames and SungWoo became a local celebrity. This film follows Swade's journey to bring SungWoo back and examines the phenomenon of this unlikely super fan. 
30 for 30|2009|ESPN Films' 30 for 30 is an unprecedented documentary series featuring today's finest storytellers from inside and outside of the sports world. What started as a celebration of ESPN's 30th anniversary has come to life as an eclectic and fascinating collection of passionate films about sports and culture. Individually, each of the films in this series is meant to tell an intimate, compelling story that stands on its own and brings to life the filmmaker's vision. Collectively, however, these creatively different films weave together a diverse tapestry of what sports has meant to culture. Ultimately, 30 For 30 strives to sit the viewer down and tell a story, employing many sources but giving a distinctive point of view, marshaling words and images to serve that particular perspective. In a sports universe of competing voices, these films offer a single, compelling one. 
30 millions d'amis|1976|During a third of the show, comedians from "Plus belle la vie" pick up an abandoned animal and tries to persuade audience to adopt it. In the second third, a magician shows some animal related tricks and presents some animal related toys. In the last third, a boy with a severe illness lives one of his greatest day while visiting a zoo. 
30 minuts|1984|The Isle of Sark is in the English Channel. With 600 inhabitants and an area of two square miles, democratic forms of government have not been the law of the land here until now. The island belongs to a feudal lord, the Seigneur, John Michael Beaumont, granted to him by the English Crown. Until a short time ago, Beaumont still held anachronistic rights such as the right to a thirteenth part of all land transactions or being the only person allowed to own doves and pigeons on Sark. 
30 segundos|2004|Thirty Seconds is a Docu Soap that registers the daily work at a fire station, using a language that mixes documentary and reality. A production crew complete with a camera and journal teams, lives at a fire house ready to accompany, aboard the fire truck, firefighters to their next call. 
30 sux|2015|Napoleon and Cordelia Bopsie have just turned 30, and to the very few twitter followers they have, they sent out a not so happy birthday tweet which read; 30 sux! They recently were shown on an episode of "E!'s True Hollywood Story" which reminded the world of the twins fall from fame after their hit Disney show "The Bopsie's" was canceled at the age of 17. Now that E! has caused a media war, Cordelia and Napoleon's agent Olive insists on a comeback. There's just one problem, neither will do anything unless they remain inside their house. The solution to this was supposed to be easy, a reality show, but the two twins make it nearly impossible for head of the show Panky. 
300 millones|1977|300 Millones was a weekly Spanish TV program run between 26 June 1977 and 1983 on RTVE, featuring different music performances, interviews, reports and competitions. The title of the program refers to the number of Spanish-speaking people in countries all over the world ie. 300 million. The series ran in 18 Spanish-speaking countries as well as in Japan (on channel NHK) and the USA. Each episodes were around 1 hour long. 
30x30: Kid Flicks|2001|In the lower east side of New York City the entire graduating high school class of forty-five seniors collaborated to produce a documentary addressing fatherlessness. Featured in this documentary are four stories that illustrate the impact the presence or absence a father has on family members and community. One teen female who was never reared by her father focuses on a strong bond with her mother, while another revels in a solid relationship with her father. A fully committed teen father stands the test of time at the side of his son and daughter, while a teen male whose father left him when he was three years old lauds the relationship with his mother and an uncle who played a strong male role model in his life. An introspective look by young people on what defines a responsible father necessary to make a positive difference in his child's life. 
30∞ i februari|2012|Three sets of unrelated middle age, middle class Swedish families go to Thailand for relaxation and adventure, but realize their problems do not disappear in the scenic evening island breeze. Their depressed lives become even more so as they mingle with Thai citizens for some cross cultural mishaps, and major and minor mayhem ensues, leaving most of them on the brink of suicide. 
31 Days of Oscar|1995|This is the Turner Classic Movies (TCM) cable channel's 13th annual "31 Days of Oscar" festival. For the entire 31 days, each of the feature films and short subjects is a winner or nominee of at least one Academy Award. This year, the focus is on the Oscar categories. Generally, each day showcases nominees and winners of an individual category (the films may have been nominees or winners in another category as well). Films featuring most categories (e.g., Art Direction, Costume Design, Film Editing) are shown for 24 hours. For other categories, the time frame differs. For example, the Foreign Language Film nominees and winners were shown from 6pm on 4 February to 6am on 5 February (12 hours), while a 48-hour Best Picture winners marathon ran from 6pm on 22 February through 6pm on 24 February. For each acting category, 24 hours of films were devoted to nominees, followed by 24 hours of winning performances. 
32 Brinkburn Street|2011|79-year-old Frank Ogilvy introduces 32,Brinkburn Street,Manchester,where,in 1931,some months before he was born his father, Walter,bricks up a blood-stained parcel in the attic wall,swearing his wife Gracie and her mother Elizabeth to secrecy. Some ten days earlier Walter a gambling addict had his arm broken by Billy Lamb,a local money-lender and small time crook,to whom Walter is in debt. With her husband off work Gracie takes in a lodger,a young Irishman who calls himself Sid,who is on the run, along with his friend Pat. In 2011 Frank still lives in the house with his daughter Ellie,her husband Nick,a reformed alcoholic and his teen-aged daughter Poppy. Frank is now an invalid and engages a carer,Joy,who faces deportation back to Nigeria as her visa has expired. Poppy finds various items from 1931,including coins,under the floor boards of her room. 
33 Brompton Place|1982|Three beautiful women occupy the penthouse apartment at 33 Brompton Place in the ritzy Near North Side of Chicago. Patricia is a middle management editor for Foxxx Magazine, an upscale men's publication in the "Playboy" tradition. Robin works as a public relations councilor but the job is a front for her real occupation as an industrial spy. Tony comes to Chicago from the city of Kitchener in Ontario with hopes of becoming a model. The loves, adventures and careers of these lovely women form the plot of "33 Brompton Place". 
35 Diwrnod|2014|The series begins with the body of Jan Richards in her home on a well-off suburban housing estate. We're immediately thrown back 35 days, to the day Jan moves to the estate. From that day until her death, 35 days later, we'll unlock her past and find out why she was on the Crud yr Awel estate. 
36 Hour Challenge|2011|36 Hours, 10 Challenges, 1 Winner! One challenge every two hours. One person gets voted out every two hours. Filmed in the course of 36 hours - from Saturday morning till Sunday night. Contains original twists and carries Australian aboriginal theme throughout. 
360 Sessions|2010|Hip hop mega-star shows off his home town - Long Beach, California - while discussing his troubled past and illustrious music career. He performs hits from his album 'Malice in Wonderland' and offers a preview of his short film of the same name. 
360 grados|2007|Journalist Robert Arce is the host of this TV show where the guests talk about social themes and comment them different viewpoints referring the most actual news of the week. From terrorism and politics to press and crimes, trying to determinate if the happened is right, and that other options had if an event went wrong. 
3600 secondes d'extase|2008|'3600 secondes d'extase' est une Èmission humoristique quÈbÈcoise basÈe sur l'actualitÈ politique, sociale et culturelle. Elle est animÈe par Marc LabrËche. Le nom de l'Èmission est une parodie du nom de l'ancienne Èmission '90 minutes de bonheur' animÈ par Chantal Lacroix sur TQS. 
360@|2015|This is a hip reinvention of the travel show, mixing crazy experiences with surprising facts, and an interactive 360∞experience. Episodes in Las Vegas, New-Zealand, Italy, Brazil and Mexico. In each episode, our two journalists will bring along a mysterious yellow suitcase containing a 360∞ camera, through which viewers will have access to four 360∞ scenes : the Thrill 360, the Contemplation 360, the Secret 360 and the Event 360. This innovative show uses a virtual reality camera to plunge the viewers fully into the most amazing spots of the world, via a mobile and tablet application. 
360∞ - Die GEO-Reportage|1999|A group of hard working British Columbia loggers doing the last helicopter logging in the Canadian Rockies during an immense economical crisis their business has never experienced before. For a long time, British Columbia was considered the "El Dorado" of the logging industry. Environmental problems led to a different approach and a new attitude in modern logging in Canada. Cal March is one of the last men standing during a world wide economical crisis... 
365 docobites|2014|The 365 docobites team travelled through 5 continents, 30 countries and 70 cities to make 365 short documentaries over 365 days. They released a new short documentary each and every day for a year featuring a new story from a stranger they met on the streets of the cities of the world. A series that celebrates humanity in all it's diversity and invites viewers to come along the journey with them and get to know the Strangers of the world. 
365gay News|2008|The leading source of LGBT news with daily short-form online pieces and a weekly show hosted by Emmy Award-Winning news anchor, Ross Palombo. Watch news from across the nation and around the world with a range of headlines for the LGBT community. 
37 Days|2014|Three episodes of a docudrama that present the background to the First World War, since the assassination of Austro-Hungarian Archduke Franz Ferdinand to the declarations of war of various contenders. That means the thirty seven days elapsed between 28 June and 4 August 1914. The scenarios are the Foreign Office, the British Ministry of Foreign Affairs, whose secretary was Sir Edward Grey series, and the German Chancellery in Berlin, so that the action is narrated by two young clerks who, after thirty-seven days, enlist in the armed forces . The miniseries is a mixture of drama and documentary, its tone is somewhat aseptically dry in which many details are simplified, but it highlights some aspects in order to answer the question that the viewer makes constantly: how we go from peace to war in just over a month? Though the series lop sides at a very British viewpoint and can't help to look at characters often caricatured, as Kaiser Wilhelm II, the Russian Tsar Nicholas II, the indecisive elderly Franz Joseph I, and the French Foreign Affairs Minister, Paul Cambon, it also balances a sense of levity avoiding to endorse the British character. Winston Churchill , First Lord of the Admiralty, the prime minister Herbert Asquith and David Lloyd George, Chancellor of the Exchequer or Treasury Minister, are not complimented. The series shows the struggle between pacifists and warmongers in the British Cabinet, as well as the growing opposition among military, led by Helmuth von Moltke, generalissimo of the German armies and civilian politicians, with Chancellor Bethmann-Hollweg to the head. A dramatisation of the events that lead to World War 1, and, in particular, Britain's participation in the war. From the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand on 28 June 1914 until Britain declared war on Germany on 4 August 1914 - 37 days - we see the diplomatic negotiations and behind-the-scenes machinations from many sides. 
37 Grad|1994|Steffen, civil worker in real life, highly intelligent, sociable and with a kind soul, transforms regularly into "Hellwoofer", a dreaded and fierce warrior in the online game "Counterstrike". The popular computer game has been widely debated ever since the school shootings in Erfurt 2002. Whereas parents and educators voice scepticism and criticism, players praise the game for demanding teamwork, concentration and skills. Steffen, aka "Hellwoofer", is part of the best team in Germany, "mortal teamwork", and once a year they compete against other teams in the German Championship. A battle behind the screens, where more than 2000 fans come together to this big LAN-party. The mainly young and very young players spend three days in Gˆttingen, a marathon of a different kind, and the nights on mattresses in the same hall. The magic of and attraction to games like "Counterstrike" often remains impenetrable to the adult world. This film tries to shed light on the unknown world of "Hellwoofer" and other cyber-fighters. 
39/40 The War Through a Lens|2010|This well made documentary sees the outbreak of WW II (from the invasion of Poland 1939 till the fall of France 1940) as the contemporaries have perceived it in movie theaters. The news reels, made by the Germans, the French and the British, are presented in the historical context, in a chronological order. Sometimes, the narrator commentates on misleading, propagandistic images, such as pictures of German military exercises which are later presented as real combat footage. 
3AM|2015|Life in NYC after 3:00 AM. We also, have stayed after 3 AM in a club or a party , but what if your life starts at 3 AM and what more perfect for that than New York city. The camera follow the characters and their early start and late end with their problems and dreams. 
3D Print the Future|2017|Guests of "3D Print the Future" range from hobby enthusiasts and aspiring entrepreneurs to skilled designers and patented success stories. Through this varied lens, the show will explore all types of 3D printing technologies available to home-based inventors, as well as advanced design, injection molding and CNC manufacturing for those who like to really dig into how stuff gets from idea to marketplace. In Episode 1, Scott visits Jeremy Proffitt at what the show's producers lovingly refer to as a home-based 'Willy Wonka of 3D Printing' lab. Jeremy imparts some wisdom for anyone who is curious about 3D printing: "I don't always find the best design the first time, but failure is part of building something amazing - analyze what doesn't work and fix it - just keep at it!" 
3MW: Rivers of Blood|2008|Rivers of Blood is one of the best known but least understood speeches in British political history. In this documentary the fragments of filmed speech that survive are brought together and Enoch Powell's argument is examined in detail. Powell prophesied that mass migration would lead to segregation and communal violence, but the incendiary nature of his language dominated the headlines. His core argument was largely ignored. This film examines Powell's character and the fears that drove him to make his fateful speech. We see how his words bitterly divided the nation, and see why Powell was cast out into the political wilderness, with his speech becoming a byword for racism. On the 40th anniversary of Rivers of Blood, this film explores the controversial claims and counter-claims surrounding one of Britain's most divisive politicians, and perhaps the most infamous speech in modern political history. The interviewees include: Frank Field MP, Professor Stuart Hall, Lord Hattersley, Simon Heffer, Lord Heseltine, Lord Hurd, Lord Lester QC, Kenan Malik, Lord Parekh, Professor Roger Scruton, Ambalavaner Sivanandan and Baroness Lola Young. Contains some strong language. Further Information White Season (BBC) Related Documentaries A History of Britain 
3rd Degree!|1989|Game show wherein a panel of celebrities have to figure out what some people whom are brought out on stage are. Like they could have been pilots during the war, or demonstrated a revolutionary product. And if the panel fails, they win something. 
3rd Eye|2018|William Kane searching for his wife's killer. Must work with NSA and FBI as a medium and remote viewer to track down and stop threats to the U.S. and its allies. He is also forced to work for an organized crime lord to keep one step ahead of the government and his enemies. 
3rd Rock from the Sun|1996|A group of aliens has come to Earth to learn about its population, customs, etc. To avoid detection, they have taken on human form which gives them human emotions, physical needs etc. WITHOUT the understanding of what they mean or the inhibitions normally present in humans. Their leader takes the position of a college professor, their military expert as his sister, their intelligence expert, supposedly oldest of group takes form of his teenage son. The uninhibited reactions turn everyday events into unusual situations. The high commander of an alien expedition lands on Earth -- what he considers to be the least-important planet -- in human form as Dick Solomon. Along for the ride are his alien compatriots Harry, Sally and Tommy -- who is the eldest of the group but is now angrily trapped in a teen's body. 
3x3 the Immersive Fiction|2015|Paris, 29 December 1999: the eve of new millennium. We discover a young man waking up with amnesia in a hospital bed. The doctors name this "John Doe" Mathieu. He has three days left to live. He would like to enjoy life one last time. He enters the magical Paris celebrating its new New Year's Day. But an anxiety is spreading: the fear of the Y2K bug, the fear that all the systems will stop and that time might not be taken into account any more. Most of all, every machines will reset... He dies at 3 a.m. on January 1st - but wakes up again on December 29th, 1999. Mathieu quickly realizes he is trapped inside a time loop. He must uncover the nature of the world around him, which seems to blend his memories and the deep fractures of his own psyche. His journey will take him to the depths of his own mind, where he will confront his past, his future, and his own self. A man traps inside a time loop. He must uncover the nature of the world around him, which seems to blend his memories and the deep fractures of his own psyche. His journey will take him to the depths of his own mind, where he will confront his past, his future, and his own self. 
4 Blocks|2017|Based in Neukˆlln, Berlin Toni manages the daily business of dealing with the Arabic gangs and ends up wanting to leave his old life behind for his family, but as expected, its never that simple. 
4 O'Clock Club|2012|It's a new term at Elmsmere and Nero and Clem are finally a couple. Meantime, Dexter and Lizzie are expecting a baby. Mr Nunn isn't happy when he has to cover for their lessons while they go to an antenatal class. Amber,Darnesh and Violet try to convince Mr Nunn that you can stick a person to the ceiling via static electricity. And at the antenatal Lizzie and Dexter meet Ash and Zoe-Marie. Clem, Eleesha, Fleur and Owen's girlfriend Katie go to a poetry convention, but they get bored and goes to Nero's party. Clem thinks it's better if she and Nero just stay friends so they break up. 
4 O'Clock Files|2014|As he continues his video prospectus for Elmsmere, Mr. Bell tries to show how the school encourages imagination; however his comments conjure up a compilation of clips from previous episodes showing students using their imaginations in ways he might not approve. 
4 Play|1989|A dashing young Conservative is sent to cut his political teeth by standing for election in a safe Labour constituency in the north. Here he forms a relationship with a single mother living on a council estate who agrees to help him with his campaign, much to the disapproval of his snobbish election agent and her staunchly working-class friends and neighbours. Filmed in Burnley, Lancashire. 
4 Points|2012|This week on 4 Points, hosts Alex Albrecht and Alison Haislip are joined by actor Zachary Levi and Justin Donaldson (Tournament of Nerds). They discuss how Google is taking over the cloud with the new Google Drive. Doctor Who is one step closer to reality with the invention of a real-life sonic screwdriver. Fans have spliced the popular video game series Uncharted into three feature films. Two men in Utah rigged up medieval booby traps in a national park. 
4 Reasons to Go to Nebraska|2017|Four young adults bunker down in a warehouse during the robot-zombie apocalypse of 2020. They have a handle on everything until a fifth traveler shows up, uninvited, and with enough issues to fill a bible, or unravel the sanctity of their bonds. Will they be able to accommodate the desperate new refugee or will she become their undoing? 
4 Seasons|????|The premise of the show is six friends who have been going to this trailer park every summer since they were kids. They formed a special bond not only as friends, but also as a family. Something big happens the previous summer that shakes the group. The first season is them coming back to the parking dealing with the past and trying to move on. The group is relieved when the new guy Aiden moves to the park, they think he will be a good distraction and it will help them forget. They quickly discover that that's not the case. 
4 et demi...|1995|Un couple dans la fin de la vingtaine, un appartement, des amis, des voisins et une clinique vÈtÈrinaire: bienvenue dans l'univers de 4 et demi. - Un appartement dans lequel Èvoluent Louis, jeune vÈtÈrinaire sympathique, et Isabelle, une talentueuse designer dÈbordante d'idÈes et d'Ènergie. Autour d'eux gravite une foule de personnages colorÈs, adorables ou dÈtestables mais tous extrÍmement attachants, que l'on suit avec un plaisir non dissimulÈ dans les hauts et les bas de leur quotidien. 
40|2003|Ralph Outen (Eddie Izzard) is a hot-shot advertising executive with a taste for the flash and stimulating, and who is not very happy to be turning 40. He is intrigued when he is deliberately not invited to his old school reunion, which prompts him to drop by several of the old friends he had left behind, all of whom are experiencing changes of their own. Three-part drama series (164 mins), first shown on Channel 4 in 2003. 
40+, ili Geometriya chuvstv|2016|If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans, as the saying goes. The destinies of Masha, Tatyana and Alina totally attest to that. Once, they predicted happy life for themselves, and everything seemingly came true, but as if in a distorted mirror. Lonely Masha who has had a brilliant career still cannot forget her first love. Alina, tired of being a wife of unrecognized genius, finds consolation in a mind-blowing affair with a married man. Tatyana who looks so happy in her marriage secretly dreams about children - Will our characters manage to regain their strength after numerous trials and tribulations? Will they be too afraid of changing their lives to become happy? 
413 Hope St.|1997|413 Hope Street is the physical address of a crisis center, catering to inner city youth and their families. The doctors, surgeons, psychologists, and social workers work together to provide the best possible support to anyone walking in their door. The show is a drama, ranging in issues from a girl getting gonorrhea who had an affair with her father; to a kid who repeatedly witnessed his cop-father abuse his mother; to characters living up to the responsibility of caring for their infant children. 
42 Geek Street|2014|Welcome home to 42 Geek Street, your guide to the world of the Geek, for that little bit of Geek in all of us. Join us as we explore pop culture fans and fandom in Melbourne, how you can get involved and what getting involved actually means. 
42 Seconds of Happiness|2012|"I don't want to be sad. I don't want to cry. I don't want to feel like my life is over." - Alis. Sometimes a decision is made before it is made. Sometimes we know, but it takes time - and a shock - to make us listen to what we know. A month before The Dinner. The inevitable is written in every scene. Life is scripted, then improvised. 'The future enters into us, in order to transform itself in us, long before it happens.' 
42|2007|Unusually for TV drama series its epicenter is a man - 42 years old Claus. The dramatic nature of the 42 hides in a circumstance, that in at short period of time Claus loses everything - wife, friend, business, mother;his recent girlfriend and their oncoming baby. Claus's relations with his women reflect many-sided feminine nature. His story allows us to glimpse in men's deepest inner feelings. Background. The main character Claus originally from Poland after the first marriage with Lithuanian, Sofia, relocated to Lithuania believing his life was complete and shortly the couple had there first child Harry. Sadly the relationship breaks down, and Claus finds comfort in a fellow Pole, Olga, living in Vilnius and they share the experiences of being an foreigner in a different land. Claus eventually marry Olga and from here, the next chapter in his life begins. "42" is an intimate account of the modern male - how he thinks and how he shows his emotions which goes against all the principles. It is a strong powerful and gripping drama that appeals to the 30-50 sector of the market that have all experienced similar situations in their lives. It tackles the issues of love, romance and how men deal with the ups and downs of modern relationships. In total this humane drama's 20 episodes' concentrate on background of contemporary environment and problems of three countries - Lithuania, Latvia and Poland, following on Claus's heels. 
42/11|2010|42/11 is series produced by the band of the same name which showcases "stream-of-consciousness" discussions of current events, new products on the market, ideas "no one" has thought of, and radically absurd art and media projects. The show is released with an Avant-garde and often abrupt complexity editing style, with humor arising from the focus on particular moments emphasized using editing. The show relishes in its overuse and unnecessary use of particular jump cuts, filters, effects, audio manipulation, and jumps to "clips", which are unrelated segments, usually filmed off-site, which are usually non-relevant and included as a B plot for any given episode. 
450, chemin du golf|2003|FranÁois et Dorianne forment un jeune couple typique de la banlieue: un enfant, un bungalow, une piscine et un voisin pour le moins envahissant - FranÁois est citadin dans l'‚me et travaille au centre-ville de MontrÈal. Il se sent en quelque sorte coincÈ dans le trafic de ses idÈaux, sur l'autoroute de sa vie, quelque part entre le rythme trÈpidant de la ville et le quotidien pantouflard de la banlieue. 
47 Secrets to a Younger You|2015|The comedy web series 47 Secrets to A Younger You follows friends Julie Dooling (Laura Frenzer) and Karma Kaufman-Castro (Rohana Kenin) as they navigate Brooklyn, balancing family, work, love, and lice. In the six episodes of season one, Julie's mantras move her further from inner peace and her daughter sabotages her dating life on social media; while Karma races against a work deadline in denial about her caffeine addiction and missed chances for connubial romance. Will friends and family support, enable, or undermine their efforts? Will they be able to ignore the realities of middle-age for much longer? 
48 Hours|1988|48 Hours looks at New York City's elite firefighting unit Rescue 1. It looks at the dangerous work performed by the unit and profiles members of the unit who died during the September 11th terrorist attacks. It also talks a firefighter who survived the fall of the World Trade Center and watches the unit gets a new firetruck. 
48 Hours: Hard Evidence|2005|The 1983 murder of Gertrude McCabe in San Jose, Cal., is investigated. The probe centers on Tom O'Donnell, who lived with the victim's niece, Jane Alexander. Alexander investigates the case herself to see if her boyfriend is guilty, after the police fail to arrest a suspect. 
48 Steps|2017|48 Steps is a comedy about 4 guys who have been court ordered to attend AA meetings. Each character believes that they shouldn't be there and are in denial. With different stories to tell the four guys eventually they all become friends and start hanging out together, which brings them new adventures. Each meeting brings new laughs as these 4 guys will not take these meetings seriously, how will they ever get through the 48 steps. 
49 Il|2011|A woman named "Ji Hyun Shin" whom has everything, loving parents, best friends, and an adoring fiancÈ, gets into a car accident before her wedding causing her to be in a coma. A reaper known as "Scheduler" gives Ji Hyun a second chance to live. In order for her to do that, she must have 3 people cry pure tears. She uses the body of Song Yi Kyung, a woman who lost everything. After devastating turnovers with friends, family, and fiancÈ Ji Hyun finds it difficult. But grows strong. A wealthy young girl with few cares is set to soon be married. She gets accidentally killed along the way, but is provided a second chance to live once again if she can complete a seemingly simple task. She is given 49 days to inhabit the body of another women in order to gather 3 tears from people who loved her while she was alive. The goal is much more difficult than she imagined though, and her life clock is ticking. 
4Funnies|2012|The once hideous ogre Shrek is now living a good life with wife Fiona and his three children. But he soon has a meltdown in front of them and his friends during his kids' birthday party. He suddenly wants to be a real ogre like he was before he ever met Fiona. So he turns to devious deal maker Rumplestiltskin for help. At first, Shrek lives the life he once lost and everything is good. But he soon finds out that he has been set up by Rumplestiltskin, who now rules the land with an ironed fist. Teaming with friends Donkey, Fiona and Puss in Boots, Shrek is in for the fight of his life as he tries to get his life back before time runs out. 
4Jim|2015|The 19 year old dutch Jim has been diagnosed with cancer. After having undergone all possible treatments of which none cured him, he was given up. Together with his 5 friends, his girlfriend and his brother he planned to have the best possible last summer of his life. 
4X (Non-verbal)|2012|Four best friends aged 21-25 are bringing to life all their wildest ideas and fantasies. The four gathered in order to create an extreme street nonsense with painful elements from the jackass genre. The characters test the limits of their own ability and tolerance and display freakish situation and test the reactions on the street. The show is light, fun and extreme. You can watch it while playing with your iPad. This show is all about fun! 
5 Dates|2016|Dating can be hard. Especially for Harry Broomshtick who is 38 years-old and has never had a girlfriend. Through a dating website, he meets Wendy Goldlicker, a geeky librarian, who is also new to the dating scene. Watch as their romance takes off on a funny yet bumpy road. 
5 Guys, 5 Questions...|2002|Five guys from different walks of life discuss five topics, from breast feeding in public to how to snag a babe at the local pub. See how these guys communicate with their significant others. Find out who is the "Purple Panty Bandit" and who has never gotten any at all... 
5 Minute Church with Ishah Wright|2014|God came to earth in the form of Jesus Christ and died to pay the price for our sins so that we can have eternal life in heaven instead of hell. Faith in this grace plus our repentance gives us such blessed assurance in this eternal life in heaven with God. 
5 News|1998|With speculation mounting that the 'Spice Girls' (qv) could be reuniting for their 20th anniversary next year, boy band titans 'Antony Costa' (qv) and 'Lee Ryan (II)' (qv) come into the studio to talk to Matt about that story, band reunions in general and 'Blue (III)' (qv)'s enduring musical legacy. 
5 Seekers|2006|Our human make up is such that everyone on the face of the planet longs to believe in something. Freud called it the "God-hole" and never before has this hole been so wide and deep. In Western culture today, many people have lives that from the outside look complete - house, family and career all in order but something is missing, something truly spiritual calls to them. 5 Seekers is a six-part reality/documentary series that takes a small group of compelling characters on a journey to try and fill that hole. Guided by host Ralph Benmergui, our eager group of five women and men, travel to some of the most spiritually attuned places in the world and come in close contact with new ideas, great teachers and exciting experiences They also come in contact with some obscure and fringe practices that inspire irreverence amidst the reverence. 
5 Stages (5tages)|2015|Things are going swimmingly. Perfect, really. You're a couple months in, and you've passed all the hurdles with ease: labeling the relationship, staying over at his house for the first time, meeting and getting along with his friends, telling each other that you love each other, leaving the proverbial "toothbrush" at his apartment - and now his parents are coming in to town. Panic? Oh heck no. This is gonna be great. Or is it - In the final installment of [5TAGES] Season 3, follow Keri as she attempts to jump the biggest hurdle thus far in her relationship: The 5 Stages of Meeting the Boyfriend's Parents for the First Time. 
5 de Mayo: Gloria de MÈxico|2012|Cinco de Mayo: Mexican Glory, a documentary that brings us to the memorable events of that day in 1862, when the Mexican Army, led by Ignacio Zaragoza, defeated on the outskirts of the city of Puebla, the French army, under the command of General Lorencez, considered then the most powerful army in the world. The Battle of Cinco de Mayo marks the beginning of Mexico's prolonged resistance to the invaders, who were ultimately defeated five years later. In the context of an impoverished country, morally weak and immerse in political discord, the triumph of Puebla meant something even more important: the restoration of dignity and the birth of a true national identity. Interviews with recognized experts, conducted in Mexico, the United States and France, together with a remarkable iconography from Mexican and French collections -including unpublished images-, Cinco de Mayo: Mexican Glory, enlightens the importance of the battle, its impact in history, and the significance that its commemoration has acquired for the Mexican-American community. 
5 minuts tard|2015|Joan and Robert wait for Carla, who calls first to warn them that she's running late and that she comes accompanied by Joan's daughters. In five minutes, Robert will have to get into his head that he'll have to meet the daughters of his couple. 
50 Cent: The Money and the Power|2008|In the series opener, 14 aspiring young entrepreneurs arrive in New York City to begin an intense competition as millionaire hip-hop mogul 50 Cent searches for an ambitious, hustling self-starter with street smarts to invest $100,000 of his own money in. 
50 Ways to Kill Your Mammy|2014|Series of adventure and thrill seeking activities that Dubliner Baz entices his 70 year old Mother Nancy into participating in, just because she can. When does adrenalin enduced fun have to stop. Definitely not at 70 as Baz and Nancy show us. 
50/50|1994|Tori Lines: An extraordinary story of how the Ocean View Centre for Persons with Disabilities (together with BirdlLife and WWF) is helping to save the albatross and other seabirds from extinction. Research shows an astonishing reduction of more than 95% in the number of albatrosses that are killed accidentally during normal fishing operations. 
500 Nations|1995|500 Nations is an eight part documentary which explores the history of the indigenous peoples of North and Central America, from pre-Colombian times, through the period of European contact and colonization, to the end of the 19th century and the subjugation of the Plains Indians of North America. 500 Nations relies on historical texts, eyewitnesses accounts, pictorial sources and computer graphic reconstructions to explore the magnificent civilizations which flourished prior to contact with Western civilization, and to tell the dramatic and tragic story of the Native American nations' desperate attempts to retain their way of life against overwhelming odds. 
59th & 60th|2016|Cham, Phil and Lav are all roommates with big dreams each with their own ideas of how to achieve them. After Lav gets her purse stolen and Cham loses his Job, Phil welcomes his two friends to a big surprise the neither one would ever expect. 
5ive Days to Midnight|2004|While visiting the graveyard of his beloved wife with his daughter Jesse, the physics professor John T. Neumeyer finds a case with a police dossier relating his death in five days. He initially believes it is a sick prank from the brilliant but deranged physics student Carl Axelrod, but when a series of events related in the documents occur, he realizes that the file has been sent from the future. With the support of Detective Irwin Sikorski, whose name is indicated in the file as in charge of the investigation of his death, and suspecting of everybody including his girlfriend Claudia Whitney that has a blurred hidden past, J.T. tries to change the future and his fate. But Carl believes that any modification in the time-line will jeopardize mankind and the future of the planet. When a physics professor ('Timothy Hutton' (qv)) obtains a police file that seems to chronicle his death in five days, he initially assumes it is a hoax perpetrated by one of his students. However, as other events start to unfold that show up in the papers in the folder, he realizes that this might be real and he has to find a way to change the future before it occurs. Everyone around him becomes a suspect, including his girl friend ('Kari Matchett' (qv)) with a shady past. 'Randy Quaid' (qv) is the detective, who initially dismisses the "crime victim" as a quack, but then becomes convinced of the reality of the events. The attempt to change the future is also hampered by a student who is convinced that the professor could destroy everything if he interferes with time. Contains violence. 
5th Dimension: Secrets of the Supernatural|2006|People hearing voices, feeling strange presences, and even seeing ghastly apparitions. Do beings exist from beyond the grave? Or can modern day psychologists provide a scientific explanation? One case seems to stump even the brightest minds. 
5th Gear|2002|Tiff and Jason test 3 £100,000 convertibles. Vicki goes head-to-head in a BMW 1-series against Chad Davies on a new BMW super bike. Jonny drives 3 cheap but fast convertibles as an alternative to the £100,000 beasts Tiff and Jason have been driving, and takes Europe's cheapest car to one of Europe's most expensive ski-resorts. 
6 passi nel giallo|2012|During their robbery of a nightclub, Matthias Caruana and Kyle Borg kill the son of the owner. While fleeing from the scene with an accomplice, they have a car accident. All three manage to escape from the vehicle just before it bursts into flames but the stolen money is lost in the fire. Dave McBain is at home secretly having an argument on the phone with someone. When he finishes the call, he leaves the house. Now hunted by the police, the three robbers enter McBain's house and take his wife and children, the six-year-old Thomas and sixteen-year-old Alice, as hostages. While the wound that Matthias suffered during the car accident threatens to upset the balance of power within the criminal gang, thereby allowing Kyle, the most violent of the three, to dominate. Problems begin for the hostages. 
6! Setzen - Das Wissensduell Groﬂ gegen Klein|2007|There are 1 teacher (the host), 6 students (children aged 8-10 years), 3 socialites, and 600 grown-ups in audience in the "classroom". In every round, one student fights against one grown-up (always a socialite and a grown-up from audience in change) and both have to answer the questions which the teacher asks. If both have the right answer, then both win 2,500 Euros for his account. If only one has the right answer, he wins 5,000 Euros. The other one has to sit down and "gets" the school-grade 6 (US grade: F). If both give the wrong answer, it happens the same "sit down - 6", but they can save their money, if his team has given the majority of right answers. Then, in case of the contestant has to sit down, it's the next team member's turn. But further there is also a joker, to crib from another team member, he takes his answer without the knowledge, if this answer is right. When all 20 questions are answered, this team with the most money wins the match, and both teams get their own gained money for their project. 
60 Days In|2016|The program gets two new members in Isaiah and Maryum, the eldest daughter of Muhammad Ali, and Isaiah witnesses a violent fight between inmates and Maryum tries to fit into F-pod. Elsewhere: Robert's safety is jeopardized; Zac makes a crucial mistake; and Barbara questions if she wants to continue. 
60 Minute Makeover|2004|Presenter 'Claire Sweeney (I)' (qv) and designer 'Derek Taylor (V)' (qv) manage a large team of painters, decorators and other workmen who invade, by invitation, a home and spend the next sixty minutes making changes to all the rooms to drag the home into the 21st century. 
60 Minutes II|1999|"A Classic Cover-Up?" looks at safety problems with the classic Ford Mustang and whether Ford has been concealing evidence about such problems. "The Golden Boy" interviews boxer Oscar De La Hoya. "Madonna at 40" talks to the singer who continues to be a controversial figure. "Uncommon Sense" looks at stealth aircraft. 
60 Minutes Sports|2013|"7-On-7" looks at the controversy building behind 7-on-7 football. "Fantasy" examines the growth and popularity of fantasy sports leagues. "The Great Falls" looks at the dangers associated with whitewater kayaking on the Potomac River. "Built by Bama" previews a segment that goes behind these scenes of the Alabama football team. 
60 Minutes|1968|This series set the pattern for the TV news magazine. Each episode consists of several stories, each presented by a different reporter. Stories have included investigative pieces, celebrity profiles, background pieces on current events, and general human interest stories. The series has also featured "Point-Counterpoint" debates and humorous commentaries by Andy Rooney. 
60 Seconds|2004|As the title suggests, 60 Seconds was a youth-orientated news programme, which summarised the days main news, sport and entertainment stories in a 60-second bulletin, with a countdown in the corner of the screen. There were six bulletins throughout the night, usually on the hour from 7:00pm until 12:00am, although occasionally the times would change depending on the channel schedule. The bulletins never went out later than 12:15am, and were always live. 60 Seconds started life on BBC Choice in July 2001, and was marketed as a news show aimed at Choice's target audience, young adults. It was presented in a colourful studio, with a soundtrack by the rave group Faithless. When BBC Choice was replaced by BBC Three in February 2003, 60 Seconds was one of the few shows to transfer to the new channel. It was given a revamp, with a more serious look that saw the Faithless soundtrack dropped. Instead of a large and colourful studio, the presenter now stood in a newsroom, with a screen behind them. In 2008, when BBC Three received a makeover, 60 Seconds did as well, now adapting a pink logo. Tasmin Lucia-Khan took over presenting duties, until 2010 when she left and was replaced by Sam Naz, who would become the longest-serving presenter. In March 2014, the BBC announced that BBC Three would cease broadcasting as an on-air channel, and would instead move online. This meant 60 Seconds, by this point the channel's longest-running programme, would be axed, and the final bulletin aired just before BBC Three's closure on 16th February 2016. Presenting the final episode, Sam Naz thanked viewers for their support of 60 Seconds before the bulletin ended with the message "RIP 60 Seconds - 2001-2016" 
600 Bottles of Wine|2017|Claire is flung back into the dating scene after breaking up with her long term boyfriend Nick. She is apprehensive about the rules, expectations and implications that she has to navigate through on her journey as a newly single woman. When Claire makes a genuine connection that goes beyond one-night-stand sex with advertising manager Pat, she looks to her friends to help establish where she stands in the relationship. As this non-committal non-relationship continues Claire is forced to confront where she draws the line. 600 Bottles of Wine looks at the anti relationship, what dating is really like in an era where no one really says what they mean or what they want. 
616|2014|Jenna and her family are the guardians of an ancient quest to rid the world of evil. 6000 years ago, during a great battle against the last of this evil, something went wrong and the creature's energy was scattered across the planet in 616 pieces. The surviving three warriors vowed to give up their mortality and live until these pieces were contained and the creature finally defeated. Descended from one of these warriors, and guided by him, Jenna must continue this quest. But time is running out. The followers of the creature are also working to retrieve the pieces and when they have enough it will be able to be reborn... plunging the world into armageddon. 
617 the Series|2012|In Boston, Massachusetts, the birthplace of America's only Revolution, a city that survived an 86-year curse, where the cobblestone out numbers its inhabitants and bartenders are the equivalent to rock-stars, six twenty-something's attempting to navigate life will share laughs, successes and the oft-frequent hangover. (All of which can be the result of an Irish Car-bomb.) With a little guidance from some recognizable locals, three friends from their childhood days in Quincy -- Griffin, Scotty and Sully -- and three friends from their formative/informative college years -- Alana, Siobhan and Cat --will discover what life and love off the Red Line in the hub of New England has to offer. 
64 Zoo Lane|1999|Nelson is in an inventive mood, and agrees to make various objects for his friends. Alan the Aardvark is excited about the scooter that Nelson is making him... even though he doesn't really know what a scooter is. The other animals all take it in turns to help deliver the scooter to Alan, each making their own modifications to the vehicle on the way... Alan is delighted when his very own scooter eventually arrives. 
64/8|2016|Kyle, a good-hearted and gullible background artist (extra), living in Atlanta always dreamed of being a television and movie star. So far is still just basically a blur on the screen - Kyle and thousands of other Atlanta "extras" make their meagre living as the people passing by, people sitting in restaurants, or people just anywhere behind the main actors. They do it for a variety of reasons. Like Kyle, some believe they are bound to become rich and famous, some want to move into the crew positions, some are lonely and want to meet other people, some just have it as a career. There are many reasons why people are background artists. This show follows Kyle and a group of his unconventional and diverse friends as they navigate their way through the world of background "artistry". The first show concentrates on their time as they become "core" crew on the new office comedy pilot production, "Totally Sarah". You'll meet Roland, the seasoned and bitter middle-age grumbler who always has a come-back and a hatred for anything crew or actor related. Gala is a stunning somewhat overconfident model type who is always getting "featured" roles and special benefits. Then there is the anxious Wesley, who seems to always get overlooked and left in "extras holding" even though he's always ready and prepared to get out on set. Anna is the logical and somewhat normal one, an average lady who is intrigued by the entertainment business and has time to do this while her husband works. She tries to keep everyone in line. There is also an array of colorful characters that you'll meet in this intriguing, unusual, and sometimes dark industry. Follow these five as they traverse the strange world of background acting with all of the unique characters and strange situations. 
666 Park Avenue|2012|If you could make one wish, what would it be? And what would you do to get it? At 666 Park Avenue, all of your dreams and burning desires can come true: wealth, sex, love, power, even revenge. But just be careful what you wish for, because the price you pay...could be your soul. Welcome to The Drake, the premiere apartment building on Manhattan's Upper East Side. Owned by the mysterious Gavin Doran (Terry O'Quinn) and his sexy wife Olivia (Vanessa Williams), The Drake is home to dozens of residents who are unaware they're living in the dark embrace of supernatural forces. They think their dreams are all coming true, only to find they've been lured into making, what feels like, a deal with the Devil. When a young Mid-western couple - Jane Van Veen (Rachael Taylor) and Henry Martin (Dave Annable) - is hired to manage The Drake, they soon discover that evil, obsession, and manipulation has a home. 
66th & Broadway|2015|Eighteen performers from New York City present original material focusing on the theme NEW YORK STORIES through the genres of comedy/improvising, music, dance, and spoken word. This first-ever Open Mic Night at the Tisch WNET Studios at Lincoln Center was taped in front of a small live audience on May 18, 2016, and live streamed on thirteen.org. 
6Degrees|2012|6Degrees is a late night university drama set in Belfast. The series follows six freshers arriving from throughout the UK and Ireland as they crash through their first term at university. Descending on Belfast, the lives of Jess (Georgia Maguire), Danny (Niall Wright), Conor (Cillian O'Sullivan), Sandie (Jayne Wisener), Leech (Ryan McParland) and Eva (Jamie Lee O'Donnell), are about to change forever. In a city with no limits, they're breaking away from everything they've known and are here to make their mark. Hearts will be broken, friendships made and trust betrayed, but within all the madness and mistakes, our students are learning the invaluable life lessons that books just can't teach. This is a show about relationships - a crash course to adulthood. Six students, brought together by six degrees who are about to become friends for life. 
6Teen|2004|Caitlin's life is turned upside-down when she meets not one, but two perfect guys. Handsome Vince seems like the ideal catch: tall, dark, and seriously cool, a young George Clooney in perfectly tailored packaging. But then there's sweet Blake, the incurable romantic and impoverished artist with floppy bangs, British charm and puppy dog eyes. Both are falling for Caitlin, and either would be an ideal boyfriend. The choice is impossible! So Caitlin decides to take Jonesy's advice and date both guys - until things go from romantic to frantic! Meanwhile, Jude discovers a crusty old memento from his days at 'Stick It' and decides to swap it online, with unexpected results. And Wyatt nearly loses it when he's forced to work with an incredibly annoying retired couple he nicknames 'the Bickersons'. 
7 Brothers|2011|An animated web series created by acclaimed filmmaker John Woo, (Mission Impossible 2; Face-Off). Six hundred years ago, a mighty treasure fleet set out to sail the oceans of the world. They reached every continent, and discovered every land long before history's great explorers stole credit for their feats. Now, in modern day Los Angeles, seven men with nothing in common but their destinies are drawn together in the service of a mysterious young woman. An ancient prophecy must be fulfilled. Something terrible is reaching out across the centuries. There's a world to be saved, and the only hope for us all is a power too terrifying to be used. 
7 Days of Sex|2012|Greg Hunter wants Dianah to spice up the bedroom with a sexy pole dance, while she wants him to slim down to heat things up. The Nelsons are attempting to find romance along with common ground between Laura's messiness and Mike's obsessive cleanliness. 
7 Deadly Sins|2014|An in-depth look at the weird and darkly comic world of sin in the documentary series SEVEN DEADLY SINS, from Oscar nominated executive producer Morgan Spurlock, under his Warrior Poets production banner, along with his producing partner Jeremy Chilnick. Hosted by Spurlock, this stylized documentary series will explore each of the seven deadly sins - one per episode - and will be told through Spurlock's unique and extreme lens. 
7 Demons|????|Isaac, a half-demon, tracks down the forces of wickedness and evil in a world where the rapture has already occurred. Hot on the trail of a demon called Moloch, Isaac finds that the demon and its human allies are closing in on an ancient book that could turn the tide of war in their favour. To avenge the murder of his father and protect what's left of the world, Isaac will get the book at any cost. 
7 Geup Gongmoowon|2013|Gil Ro (Joo Won) is someone who as a child saw a Bond 007 movie and from them on grew up with the dream of becoming a spy and works very hard and give everything to achieve his goal. Because his father became rich overnight, he lived a luxurious and abundant life since young. Not only is he benevolent and merciful towards others, Gil Ro is also handsome and is someone who truly is "Gangnam Style". After he finally becomes a national intelligence agent, he fights hard to overcome all obstacles. Meanwhile, Kim Seo Won (Choi Kang Hee) is an smart agent with brawn and looks but lacking in wealth. She's works hard to support her family financially 
7 Ilui Wangbi|2017|Kyung is the daughter of a powerful politician during the Joseon Dynasty. She falls in love with Crown Prince Lee Yuk, who lives under the tyranny of his half-brother, King Yeon San Gun. When Lee Yuk rises to the throne and becomes King Jung Jong, Chae Kyung becomes Queen Dan Kyung, who becomes caught in the cross-fires of different political factions as well as the jealousies between the brothers When Dan Kyung's own father stages a coup against the king, Queen Dan Kyung is dethroned only after seven days and expelled from the palace. What will happen to the love between the king and queen when they can no longer be together? 
7 Little Johnstons|2015|The Johnstons are an average American family of seven pursuing the American dream. However, this is no ordinary family: All seven Johnstons are little people. Dad Trent and mom Amber have five kids under age 16, all with Achondroplasia Dwarfism. Jonah and Elizabeth are their biological kids, and they have adopted Anna, Alex, and Emma. 
7 Lives Xposed|2001|7 Lives Exposed (also known as 7 Lives Xposed) is an American reality television-themed series produced by Playboy TV. The series starred pornographic actress Devinn Lane. The concept of the series is similar to that of Survivor and Big Brother-contestants must satisfy certain ongoing criteria or risk being "evicted"; in this case, Lane herself decides who among a set of couples living together in a Los Angeles-area home stays or goes each episode. As the primary audience of the series is heterosexual men, there are both heterosexual and lesbian sex scenes throughout the series. The sex is simulated; however, scenes with male erections, oral sex and masturbation are explicit in that some contact is visible. Dramatic tension arises from conflicts between the contestants, often related to jealousy and competition. 
7 dÌas al desnudo|2005|Marta is the head reporter in a "seroius" magazine. Unfortunately it is currently not selling as good as it should, so AndrÈs, the magazine owner, decides to hire a new boss to run it and turn it into a low-quality but highly profitable sensationalistic magazine. To Marta's chagrin and indignation--she had expected to be offered the job herself--the amoral and unprincipled new boss is no less than her own husband. 
7 of 1|1973|Sam Cobbett is a cantankerous,retired railwayman whose house is demolished by the council,forcing him to live in a tower block with his daughter Doris and her husband,whom he sees as posh and with whom there is mutual antagonism. Sam does not like the way that the area has changed and is shocked by Cyril,the camp barman in the local pub. He does however rally to have a pub sing-song when he meets an old mate. 
7 vidas|1999|Spanish sit-com where David awakes after being 18 years in a comma only to find his world completely changed. He'll have to struggle not only in his search for identity, but also with his neurotic sister Carlota, his Marxist next-door neighbor Sole and her son Paco, and David's secret love interest and distant cousin Laura. As the series evolved other characters joined the crew as some of the initial ones gradually disappeared, among the new ones were the waiter Gonzalo who eventually married Carlota, his promiscuous little sister Vero, or Sole's other son FÈlix. 
704 Hauser|1994|Archie Bunker (from All in the Family) lived at 704 Hauser St., in Queens, NY. Now the house is inhabited by an African-American family. The two parents are typical working-class, blue collar liberals. The son is an arch-conservative who listens to Rush Limbaugh. He also dates a Jewish girl from down the street. 
709 Plush Bros|2014|A man-made creation titled "Project Karabade" goes under the alias "Matt The Brat" and creates havoc in the Mushroom Kingdom after long years of peace between Princess Peach and the Koopa King, Bowser. Mario and his friends must retrieve certain items containing light powers before Matt retrieves items containing dark powers to save the world from becoming a world full of darkness. 
71∞ nord|1999|71 degrees north is a Norwegian realityshow concept which started in 1999. A group of participants is going to travel Norway lengthwise, Lindesnes to Nordkapp, with different a tasks on their way. The trip is devided into three phases and in each episode one participant is leaving. The participants is usually normal people, but there have also been celebrity versions. The winner gets a car and a larger amount of money. 
72 Dangerous Places to Live|2016|From poisonous water to poisonous dunes, polluted air, flooding, earthquakes and rising sea levels, 72 Most Dangerous Places to Live provides a depiction of life on Earth, and some of the locals who live there. It is an ecologial, and cultural, walk through life and the resilience of man. 
72 Hours|2013|"72 Hours" is an adrenaline-fueled, action-adventure docu-series with a simple but compelling premise. Three teams of three strangers are dropped into the wild and have 72 hours to find a briefcase-containing $100,000. The first team to find it, keeps it. 
72 Hours: True Crime|2003|Fact: The majority of crimes are solved within 72 hours of being committed. Fact: The final 72 hours of a victim's life holds the key to the murderer's identity. Put these facts together and you have the premise for a 20-episode half-hour series that delves into the background of crimes based on Canadian police records. Utilizing documentary- style dramatic recreations, this series takes viewers into the world of forensic science, and the amazing technologies and investigative techniques applied to crime solving. 
73 Questions|2014|Before supermodel Ashley Graham hits the runway at New York Fashion Week she invites us in for some tea, and takes a shot at answering 73 unexpected questions. Ashley reveals how she met her husband, which product she absolutely cannot live without, and how she travels to and from Fashion Week without hassle thanks to Lexus who provides courtesy transportation for designers, models, editors, retailers and industry professionals as the official automotive sponsor of New York Fashion Week. 
77 Sunset Strip|1958|Stu Bailey and Jeff Spencer were the wisecracking, womanizing private detective heroes of this Warner Brothers drama. Stu and Jeff worked out of an office located at 77 Sunset Strip in Los Angeles, right next door to a snazzy restaurant where Kookie worked as a valet. The finger-snapping, slang-talking Kookie occasionally helped Stu and Jeff with their cases, and eventually became a full-fledged member of the detective agency. Rex Randolph and J.R. Hale also joined the firm, and Suzanne was their leggy secretary. 
773 the Go|2015|This story is about Deloros Johnson A.K.A "Big Momma" Mrs. Johnson who only has the safe zone block in the city of Chicago, no drugs, no distribution, no shootings, no crime, she faces one of the most difficult tasks, keeping her family safe, taking the stand against the Neighborhood Gang of the Gangster Disciples. 
7T3|1988|The gang from No 73 have moved into a wild west theme park. Their living room is a saloon bar and the bathroom a barber's shop. Catch the latest music videos on a washing machine and cartoons in the mailbox. Visitors have to use a giant catapult to ring the bell. One of the first to do so is Bobby Davro, who comes to have his laundry done. 
7de Laan|2000|Danie Odendaal, the producer and creator of 7de Laan, got the idea for this popular soap over 20 years ago. At the time he was still a resident of Melville who loved watching the people of his community over breakfast and a cup of coffee at his favorite coffee shop. Danie saw and experienced real people; while people have good characteristics they also have their faults. He gave his thoughts run free and began thinking about characters that he could fill his fictitious neighborhood and meeting place: a stingy businessman who walks around gossiping all day, someone with a heart of gold - who puts out fires and dries up everyone's tears - to manage his coffee shop, beautiful and sweet waitresses who also have a bit of drama and intrigue in their lives. And then a few eccentric residents like an old world gentleman with a weak heart who mixes up his sayings and idioms while he idolizes the Wise Solomon, and old matron with a military street who runs the old age home with an iron fist. And of course every soap must have a super bitch or two. And what about two rich, prim and proper snobbish ladies who constantly challenge each other but share a deep dark secret? En there has to be a young lady who always dreams of walking down the isle one day. Danie approached the then SABC with his idea for a soap, before there were any other soaps, but they felt they were no ready for such a program. Then when, 16 years ago, they approached him to see if he would develop a series for them, Danie dusted off the original idea and 7de Laan was born. Oppiekoffie's original name was Die Koffikan (The Coffee Pot) and that was also the working title of the new series. It was renamed "Hoe Meer Dae..." (How many days) but there was a feeling that it was too close to Days of Our Lives. Eventually, the title 7de Laan was chosen because it reflects a place where people live and work. And there is probably no town or city in South Africa that doesn't have a 7de Laan / 7th Avenue. It was also a name that is easy on the tongue and could be expressed beautifully from a graphics point-of-view. The series made its debut on Tuesday, 4 April 2000 on SABC 2. Initially the series was broadcast twice a week which then became five days a week - Monday to Friday with an omnibus on Sundays. The soap grew to the second most popular program in South Africa after Generations. In 2009 7de Laan boasted 1.95 million viewers per episode which translates to more than 70% of its target audience. "A place where everybody knows your name" - This, in a nutshell, describes the essence of Sewende Laan. Young and old, rich and poor, educated and uneducated - All live together in a fictional suburb in Johannesburg but it could easily be 'anywhere' in South Africa as it represents all cultures and communities. In short: A community that truly embodies the spirit of Ubuntu in the new South Africa. 
7th Heaven|1996|This weekly television series follows the Camden family as the minister father and stay-at-home mother deal with the drama of having seven children, ranging from toddlers to adults with families of their own. The friends, neighbors, and love interests of the various members of the family weigh heavily on the plot of the series, which seeks to address a real-life issue with each episode. 
7th Street Theater|2007|This program is the first ever prime time Christian drama series in the history of broadcasting. It follows the life of five Christian actors and the weekend stage show they perform for their community. There are a total of 64 episodes in the series, covering 3 Seasons. 
8 Days a Week|2011|Focused on young 20somethings Blue Reynolds (an aspiring music mogul), Tommy James (an aspiring artist), Mamie Lopez (an underground DJ), Jade Taylor (Mamie's best friend and aspiring doctor), Jayson Martin (a gifted but unknown rapper), and Zoe Daniels (an aspiring fashion designer), 8 Days a Week follows the group of friends on through their breakthroughs, and struggles, on their journeys toward success and fame. 
8 Love Stories|1999|Jun Sang breaks up with his current girlfriend, pretending that he cannot forget his first love who passed away. Really though, he's just a playboy. To prevent his ex from re-entering his life, he exchanges beepers with a friend. This beeper changes his life, as he slowly becomes attached to the daily messages he receives from the friend's ex, Min Jong. He eventually decides he wishes to know her better, only to find that she still has feelings for his friend. Will he unselfishly help the two get back together? 
8 Man After|1993|Whatever happened to 8-Man? Why did he suddenly disappear, never to be seen again? This was the question on Sachiko's mind, as she couldn't forget about that fateful day when she learned the truth. When she found out Rachiro Azuma (whom she called Azuma-san) was the 8-Man, Azuma disappeared, never to be seen again...it seemed. She went on with her life, working in Public Relations for the Biotechno Corporation. Times have changed. Crime has a new face and a new mode. Newer technology has become part of the game, but the number one player is still power. Power is what high crime is looking for. So what do you do when the criminals turn into near-invincible cyborgs? The answer: bring back an old cyborg crime fighter, one capable of combatting this new threat. 8-Man returns to the scene, but he (like the scene) has changed. His mind is different, as he has a new host with a different set of priorities. 8-Man's new host is private detective Hazama Itsuru, a hard-nosed, sometimes violent man who likes to do things his way. So what does that mean when he's 8-Man? To put it short, he's quick and usually brutal. And since he still remembers his original life, he also remembers his grudges and his old enemies. With such a volatile mind in such a powerful body, what could possibly happen? That's the question that has EVERYONE worried. 
8 Minutes|2014|"8 Minutes" follows Pastor Kevin Brown and his Lives Worth Saving team as they help sex workers and victims of sex trafficking leave their dangerous situations behind to start over. With over 20 years of law enforcement experience, Brown has determined that eight minutes is the maximum amount of time to safely convince these women to leave with his team - any longer puts everyone's lives at risk. This high-stakes series takes an unflinching look at a very dangerous world. 
8 Simple Rules... for Dating My Teenage Daughter|2002|C.J. plans to leave for Las Vegas to spend Christmas there because his parents always spent their holiday at some exotic location while he was "dumped" to some nanny. Cate shows C.J. a Christmas photo from when she was 10 years old and succeeds in changing his mind. Cate makes the mistake of promising that the family celebrates this Christmas exactly like in the photo - and C.J. wants all the details duplicated... Rory surprises everyone with the revelation that he has a rich girlfriend. But what kind of Christmas present can he give to a girl who has everything? 
8.13|2010|Three different groups of people, three different points of views, the beginning of the zombie apocalypse in Los Angeles... and little chance of survival. When the impossible happens, who can you really trust? You may find that the real threat comes not from the dead, but from the living. 
8.50 to Paddington Green|1999|'Ross Kemp' (qv) narrates this spin-off series about the everyday lives of two twelve year old girls, Lia Saville and Dominique Moore first introduced in the documentary series _"Paddington Green" (1999)_, who are seeking fame and fortune at the Sylvia Young Academy. The academy is part school and part theatre booking agency and is well known for producing stars of film and television. 
80's Dan|2011|In the spirit of Halloween, Dan's friends watch "Halloween III: Season of the Witch," a film they feel is underrated. Dan, because he's from the period of time when the film was despised, is extremely negative and against watching the film. Will Dan finally realize that the film is not as bad as he remembered? 
800 Words|2015|A recently widowed father, quits his job as a popular 800 word columnist for a top selling Sydney newspaper. Over the internet he buys a house on an impulse in a remote New Zealand seaside town. He then has to break the news to his two teenage kids who just lost their mum, and now face an even more uncertain future. But the colourful and inquisitive locals ensure his dream of a fresh start does not go to plan. 
86'd|2011|Mandi, Clark, and Garfield: Three roommates who never got the opportunity to tune out the motivational speech at high school graduation. These three degenerates strive for a better tomorrow by finding new ways to get back into the bar they have been 86'd from multiple times, and fusing many wonderful things together to make one shitty thing... like beer and cheerios. Short on rent, and long on fails, these three will make even the most pathetic sad sack of our generation feel better about his or herself. 
87th Precinct|1961|Manhattan's 87th precinct forms the backdrop for this grim and gritty police drama based on the long-running series of novels by Ed McBain. Storylines focus on neighborhood crime, and the lives of the officers of the 87th and their families: Steve Carella and his deaf/mute wife, Teddy; rookie Bert Kling; long-time veteran Roger Havilland and the wryly philosophical Meyer Meyer. 
8th & Ocean|2006|Want to know what the high-stakes, competitive world of modeling is really like? You're invited to drop by 8th & Ocean. Deep in the heart of Miami's hot South Beach, ten professional models live together in a beachfront apartment complex, each trying to make their way in a glamorous yet very demanding industry. From the fading star afraid her time has passed to the naÔve newbie testing her moral limits to the party boy searching for true love, 8th & Ocean shows you the hard work and human drama behind the glossy fashion spreads. 
8th Man|1965|Animated series about an android super-hero. He was the scientist's eighth attempt at creating a super being, hence the title. In addition to the usual powers such as flying, ray blasts, etc., he was also able to assume other identities by "morphing". 
8x45 - Austria Mystery|2006|A remote farmhouse in the austrian alps. The farmerboy Kaspar kills his younger brother Michael in a fight. In fear he runs home without telling. Tormented by bad conscience Kaspar returns, only to find his brother's corpse gone. In great dispair Kaspar brings a sacrifice to the Virgin Mary. The next morning Michael returns, blood drenched, but alive. He claims that the Virgin Mary has resurrected him from the dead. Alone with his brother, Michael delivers a clear message from the Virgin Mary to Kaspar. For Kaspar a downward spiral of despair begins, that threatens his life. 
9 Ends 2 Out|2007|Hong Nan Hee, an unpublished writer working for a publishing agency, and Byun Hyung Tae, a successful advertising agent, have been friends their entire lives. Now that they are thirty, a set of circumstances forces them to live together. Though they've always confided in each other, living in close quarters brings some chaos into their relationship as they have to put up with each other's shortcomings and quirks on a daily basis, as well as getting way more involved in the other's life than they were ever comfortable with. All that starts sparking some unexpected feelings between them that could both strengthen or break their friendship forever. 
9 Months That Made You|2016|Discover the thrilling story of how you were made, from the moment of conception to the moment of birth 280 days later. This breakthrough series follows the gestation process, using state-of-the-art CGI to reveal the most exquisite biological choreography found in nature. 
9 by Design|2010|Bob and Cortney Novogratz get their first big commercial job: they've been hired to design the interior of a brand new 24-room boutique hotel on the Jersey Shore. The pressure is on as they try to reconcile their unconventional design aesthetic with the practical needs of a functioning hotel. 
9 de Enero: El dÌa que dijimos presente|2014|TV Miniseries which recreates the January 9, 1964 riots of Panamanian students in the Panama Canal Zone. The riot started after a Panamanian flag was torn during conflict between Panamanian students and Canal Zone Police officers, over the right of the Panamanian flag to be flown alongside the U.S. flag. U.S. Army units became involved in suppressing the violence after Canal Zone police were overwhelmed, and after three days of fighting, about 21 Panamanians and four U.S. soldiers were killed. 
9 to 5|1982|Based on the popular film of the same name. This show follows three office workers, Doralee, Judy and Violet, as they wage office warfare (while trying not to jeopardize their careers) against their obnoxious boss, Mr. Hart, and his equally obnoxious sidekick, Roz. 
9-1-1|2018|Explores the high-pressure experiences of police, paramedics and firefighters who are thrust into the most frightening, shocking and heart-stopping situations. They must try to balance saving people with solving problems in their own lives. 
90 Day Fiance Happily Ever After?|2016|90 Day FiancÈ: Happily Ever After? catches up with some of the most memorable couples from 90 Day FiancÈ as they now face the next chapter in their marriages. The frenzied countdown to the altar may be behind them, but the true drama is just starting to unfold as these newlyweds face life's challenges with someone they barely know. 
90 Day Fiance|2014|Russ takes Paola to a tailgate; later the couple's wedding plans are put into jeopardy. Alan is concerned as Kirlyam gets a big opportunity. Mike's Mom confronts Aziza at her bachelorette party. Aya grows upset as Louis cuts corners on their wedding. 
90 Day FiancÈ: Before the 90 Days|2017|Follow couples who have an existing relationship online, but haven't met in person. We'll experience their journey as they travel to the other's foreign country for the first time in an attempt to establish an in-person relationship and start the K-1 visa process. 
90 Day FiancÈ: Happily Ever After?|2016|Russ and Pao struggle to get back on track. Loren and Alex deliver sad news to his mom. Chantel discovers that Pedro has been keeping secrets. Danielle sees a lawyer while pressure mounts for Mohamed. Jorge is caught between Anfisa and his sister. 
90 il, sarang hal sigan|2006|What happens to a love that is taboo and goes against society's morality? Hyun Ji Seok (Kang Ji Hwan) and Go Mi Yeon (Kim Ha Neul) are high school sweethearts. But they discover that they are cousins, and their love is forbidden by society's mores. So they go their separate ways. Years later in Seoul, Ji Seok is now a university professor and Mi Yeon is a scriptwriter. 
90's House|2017|The brand-new competition show 90's House will spotlight 12 millennial housemates living in a '90s-inspired house as they duke it out in various '90s-themed challenges. In the end, the raddest contestant will win $90K, a Mazda Miata and two VIP tickets on a '90s cruise. Booyah! 
90210|2008|Annie and Dixon Wilson move from Kansas to the very wealthy area of Beverly Hills, and begin attending the famed West Beverly High School in the 90210 zip code. They quickly encounter queen bee Naomi, rebel Silver, troubled Adrianna and others as the drama unfolds in 90210. 
90211|2015|Carmela has seen the movies and seen the Instagram photos, but nothing could have prepared her for meeting the epitome #californiagirls. She begins to learn the ways as she starts to meld who she is, who they are and who they'll all become. 
91 Days|2016|The Fango family has taken the place of the Orco family. Fango is grateful to Nero and Avilio for their hard work, and asks them to continue to work with him. But Nero is worried that Fango is going to use him and then kill him. It's then that Frate declares war on his brother, and things get to where there's no turning back. Nevertheless, Fio asks Ronaldo to make peace with Nero. 
911: The Bronx|2008|A 50-year-old man is admitted after falling four stories: A man is shot while walking down the street; Another man is admitted with a severe asthma attack; A 29-year-old woman has a cyst in her large intestine; A woman who has fallen down stairs has broken her arm; A deli worker shaves off the top of his finger; A 12-year-old boy's foot is nearly severed after being hit by a car; A man is attacked while talking on his cell phone; A man is suspected of having a broken neck after his car is broadsided; A 25-year-old woman with terminal colon cancer is admitted for pain treatment. 
935: A Nazi Zombies Series|2013|Web series based on the famous Call of Duty: Black Ops Zombies, Edward Richtofen, Nikolai Belinski, Takeo Masaki, and Tank Dempsey team up with one another in order to survive the outbreak of zombies, only to find themselves heading towards something far more sinister... 
99 Most Amazing|2006|Imagine being attacked by an enraged hippopotamus. Or finding yourself inside your upside down car in a fast flowing river. Or with a javelin through your neck. They're all true stories. Meet the people who experienced them - and lived to tell the tale. 
99 Percent Gang|2014|A merry band of misfits form a political underground financial re-distribution engine, in short they become crooks, and through a series of bold adventures, swindle the wealthy upper one percent of society out of a small amount of their holdings to give away to the 99 Percent, those in need, like the rest of us! 
99 Saker Man MÂste Gˆra Innan Man Dˆr|2011|There are things you just must do before you die. In Swedish television series (99 things you must do before you die) the programme leaders Erik Ekstrand and Mackan Edlund goes through their most higly personal list over things you just must do before you die. All from doing bungy-jump and skydiving to visit a amusement park all by their self. This is something you just cant miss! 
99.9 ~ Keiji Senmon Bengoshi|2016|Hiroto Miyama is a poor lawyer who takes on criminal cases, but unable to make money. He pursues the truth for the 0.1% out of Japan's 99.9% conviction rate. One day, Hiroto is scouted by Haruhiko Madarame . Haruhiko Madarame is the head of Madarame Law Firm which is one of the biggest law firms among the 4 big law firms. Hiroto Miyama begins to work with Atsuhiro Sada. Atsuhiro Sada is a lawyer specializing in civil cases and makes lots of money for the law firm. He doesn't have any interest in criminal cases which can not make money. 
9JKL|2017|A time in Mark Feuerstein's adult life when he lived in apartment 9K in the building he grew up in, sandwiched between his parents' apartment, 9J, and his brother, sister-in-law, and their baby's apartment, 9L, and his attempts to set boundaries with his intrusive, but well-meaning family. 
9mm: S„o Paulo|2008|The city of S„o Paulo is being attacked. The criminal organization is in, all the way. Police officers are being killed, and the wasps are hiding home. In this night, no one is safe. The empty streets of the metropolis are the setting for those who want revenge. Bad guys versus good guys, like those good old days. 
9th Period|2010|During the school day, Meg, Peyton and Conner are top-notch students, working hard to make the grade. But when the textbooks are gone, they are solving the mysteries of their town. As with all great detectives, they rely on keen observation and teamwork to solve every case during "9th Period." Every episode includes a moral lesson as well integrating interesting science facts and other classroom knowledge. 
:30 Seconds|2009|Bridge Bank want an ad to make them look friendly and likable. This worries Martin as their competitor, Provincial Credit Union, are a founding client of BND. After waking up next to Marion, Martin is worried about their relationship, and passes a Daiyonda ad to Sumo. A headhunter is trying to get Martin to Shanghai. Martin becomes worried about his hallucinations; things come to a head for him. 
@Flwers4Algernon|2016|This is the worst. Hangovers are the worst. I don't think I've ever felt more terrible than I do at this moment. Just not... nope. Not something I want to feel, really. But hey, it's for a girl, right? So... what am I supposed to do?! Just go along with it? Well... we'll see. 
@discovery.ca|1995|"@discovery.ca" is Canada's only dedicated daily science news-magazine show. Offering up-to-the-minute insight into the day's most intriguing stories of nature, science and technology, also making science accessible, meaningful and entertaining. The show airs weekday nights on Discovery Channel Canada. Relaunched as _"Daily Planet" (1996)_ (qv) on September 30, 2002. 
@midnight|2013|Hosted by talk show host, Chris Hardwick, this 30 minute segment provides information about the Internet while being scrutinized by amazing comedians. This show consists of clips, gifs, pictures, and etc. that thrive within the dark shadows of what is known as the Internet. 
A 3D Guide to Belly Dancing|2012|In the opening episode, Laura introduces us to the world of belly dancing with the stunning spectacle that is the wings dance. The series tutorials begin with a basic warm up, and the foundation of hip work - the hip bump and drop, and the kick and lift. We learn how to use our first prop, the veil. Musician Khalid shows us the importance of drums in belly dancing music, as he demonstrates some basic rhythms. The origins of belly dance are explored in our first history section, as we discover the ancient birthplaces of belly dancing. 
A Baby Story|1999|It took years for Stephanie and John to make it to the altar and almost as much time before they conceived their first child. After exhausting all options, in vitro finally worked. When Stephanie goes into labor, will John make it to the hospital in time? 
A Beautiful Cruel Thing|2017|Lovers Chad and Myron have left their friends behind in Atlanta and relocated to Miami to live out their lives together though they soon realize that is not going to be easy. After Chad gets hustled out of his late father's inheritance, he and Myron get some devastating news about Myron's health that forces them to put their life and love for each other on a timetable -- and in the process learn to live each precious day and night as if it were their last because very soon -- it will be. 
A Bedroom Boy's Best|2017|Through a demonstration of music production tutorials and a sharing of personal experiences, Roy Golden gives a step-by-step recount of his journey from the corporate world to the entertainment world. Includes Roy's best practices for studio gear selection, music track processing, songwriting, recording, and vocal technique. 
A Big Country Revisited|2002|In 1975, 'A Big Country' told the story of a young couple, Heath and Evanne Harris, who were just starting out in the movie industry as horse wranglers. 1975 was the beginning of their brilliant careers and the documentary shadowed them on the set of the ABC-BBC co-production, 'Ben Hall'. Twenty-seven years later we catch up with Heath and Evanne who have reached the top of the industry, both in Australia and overseas. The catch is that they are no longer together. Their marriage and the business came apart in 1985. 
A Bit Much|2014|Inspired by Much Ado About Nothing this 10 part series focuses on the campers and counselors of Camp Messina who are in for a summer full of sex, lies, and maybe (just maybe) love. The pretty (but naÔve) Haley plans to hide away from her parents messy divorce at her uncle's summer camp but unknowingly steps into her cousin, Bridget's drama. Bridget is the daughter of the camp's pessimistic and exhausted owner (Leo) and is also the head counselor. Behind the scenes though, she spends her time hooking up with the over confident and ethnically ambiguous Yale grad, Pedro, and avoiding her one time summer love, Ben. Ben (goofy but charming) is excited for this summer and his first crack at being head boys counselor, however instead of playing tug of war or dodge ball with campers he ends up spending much more time trying to help his favorite camper (Corey, an endearing outcast) win over Haley and trying to keep Pedro from stealing away his job as well as something (or someone) he didn't realize he cared about so much. Much like it's Shakespearean inspiration, thanks to a little scheming by a rogue camper this series dissolves into a boys against girls "Merry War of the Sexes" where the characters are forced to overcome jealousy, deceit, awkwardness, selfishness, and their past in an effort to find the perfect person to give a more-than-just-friends-ship bracelet to. 
A Bit of Fry and Laurie|1987|As the title suggests, "A Bit of Fry and Laurie" is less of a specific format than a 'coat-hanger' for short sketches, starring the comical duo in various, recurring or unique roles: Stephen Fry, the sophisticated giant who usually plays the smug one, and comparatively small Hugh Laurie, usually playing the patsy. 
A Bit of a Do|1989|This series was set in a fictional Yorkshire town and based on the books by David Nobbs, the creator of Reginald Perrin and Henry Pratt. Each episode took place at a different social function (a "do") and followed the changing lives of two families, the working-class Simcocks and the middle-class Rodenhursts, together with their respective friends, Rodney and Betty Sillitoe, and Neville Badger. 
A Black Girl's Guide to Dating White Men|????|The Black Girls Guide is a wacky comedy about a woman in search of her one true love. Niki has been dating Marcus for some time, and our story begins when Marcus breaks it off. Niki is forced to move out of his house and in with her goofy friends, Melissa and Gabby. Right away, Niki confesses her plan to only date white men in hopes of finding the perfect match. Each episode is a hilarious new man, and every man is wrong for the part. 
A Black Man Acting|2014|The season finale of -A Black Man Acting- is here, and you want believe what Curtiss has done Now .,. With his motto "An Actor Acts" he takes this to it's truest form with Episode: 13 " Easier saiD.,." Come in with your eyes and heart open as we get another slice of life from a person who's dealing with the issue of loving themselves as they are .,. Enjoy 
A Blind Eye|2017|A BLIND EYE follows a young woman, Jasmine, who toys with Chicago Police Department investigations, playing puppeteer with detective Matt Coleman, who's hot for a promotion. She offers her psychic services to steer him and his partner down twisted paths, colliding with mobsters and her incarcerated father. 
A Boy Named Flora A|2017|This is one of the most heart -warming series Netflix has!!! A story of a family that has a lot of issues financially, emotionally, and physically with a lot of humorous family members. Love everything about Hua-jia ( Lu Crowd) ,and his humorous loving ways!! Hua-jia and A Wei ( Vera Yen) relationship is humorous yet loving , and unique. The love that Hua-jia has for his Grandmother is so heart warming. When his brother-n- law passed away I cried so much.. I felt so many emotions watching this. I laughed, cried , and felt heartache!! The cast did an outstanding performance. I give this the highest rating!! The Writers, and directors created a realistic story line with a humbleness that is wonderfully unique!! Not a far fetched over the top fairy- tale drama, this is so much like real life its outstanding. A definite must watch...praying for a season 2!!!! 
A Brand New Life|1989|A Brand New Life centered on a millionaire father of three (Don Murray) who fell in love with and married a sweet blue-collar waitress (Barbara Eden) with three kids of her own. They combined families in Murray's Bel Air mansion in this Disney TV movie which led to a one-hour comedy series. Murray's kids (Byron Thames and Shawnee Smith- another son was away at boarding school) had been brought up free-spirited and liberal, while Eden's kids were used to a close-knit, conservative upbringing. Hijinks ensue. 
A Breath of Fresh Air with Jon and Nkechi|2010|Talk show hosted by real-life married couple Jon Carroll and Nkechi Okoro. This show is about subjects that matter - plain and simple! It features interviews with public figures about socially conscious issues for which they are passionate. The show specifically gives guests a spotlight to talk about causes they are working on that are important to them and the community as a whole. In addition to the interview segment, the show also features topics of the week and the recurring segments - I'm Just Talkin' and Urban Chameleon Fun Facts - which feature special correspondents Torrance Jordan and Haj sharing their unique perspectives on society and culture. 
A Car Called Wanda|2012|Down-on-their-luck, best friends Ashley and Madison struggle with their attempt to find a home... that doesn't get parking tickets. When they can no longer handle the perils of living in Wanda (Madison's crappy car), Ashley and Madison search for decent dwellings, encountering a parade of Los Angeles' "unique" individuals along the way. Finally, they arrive at what looks like a promising prospect, at the home of the lonely, 80-something widow, Edna Harboth. 
A Cara do Pai|2016|ThÈo Moreira (Leandro Hassum) is a divorced comedian from SÌlvia (Alessandra Maestrini) who earns his living doing stand-up shows, based on the situations he sets in with his daughter Duda (Mel Maia), 10 years old . With the end of his marriage, he was faced with the greatest challenge of his life: to prove to all, including himself, that he is capable of being a father present companion and responsible. But his willingness to do the right things is only comparable to his talent for choosing the wrong paths. Thankfully, Dudda is a mature girl to see that behind the father, beyond being clumsy and clumsy, and there is someone who can love her more than anything: the best father in the world! 
A Chef's Life|2013|A Chef's Life is a character-driven documentary and cooking series. The first season consists of 13 half-hour episodes. Much more dynamic than a typical cooking show, A Chef's Life plunges audiences into the kitchen of a highbrow restaurant located in the "low country" of North Carolina. The series explores both traditional and modern applications of quintessential Southern ingredients through the life and work of the series' host and narrator, Vivian Howard. Vivian's skill in the kitchen is an equal match for her charismatic personality, radiating behind crystal grey eyes. Vivian and her husband, Ben Knight, own and operate Chef & the Farmer, a farm-to-table restaurant in Kinston, NC. A Chef's Life will broadcast nationally on PBS stations starting September 2013. 
A Child's Dream|1998|Aimed at the 4 to 8-year-old age group, the series is a friendly invitation to discover the world of children's dreams. Each episode features a child, ranging from 6 to 12 years old describing and illustrating his / her dream, a bit in the manner of a small tale. Respecting the children's genuine drawing style as well as the spirit of their dream, each episode features an original music score. The children's narration preserves natural emotions, colourful imaginations and the authenticity of the series' style. 
A Comicbook Orange|2007|A Comicbook Orange is a weekly comic book web series featuring rapid-fire reviews and interviews with top industry creators. The team packages the series with custom special effects, creative intros and outros, and promotes interactivity with their audience. 
A Cook Abroad|2015|Cook and food writer Rachel Khoo heads to Malaysia, home of her extended family, to explore one of the most exciting cuisines on the planet. From the tropical shores of a remote fishing village to a foraged feast deep in the jungle, Rachel travels across this multicultural country to find out whether good food can unite a nation. 
A Cook's Tour|2002|London, England - In London, Tony attempts to dispel the myth that all English food is disgusting and over-boiled. Tony tries Nose to Tail Eating, explores traditional fare at Pie and Mash Shoppes and then visits a predominantly Indian community. 
A Country Practice|1981|Follow the highs and lows of the townsfolk of Wandin Valley. This drama TV series revolves around the daily happenings of a 'small town' rural Australian hospital, its doctors, nurses, patients, and pretty much everyone else in the locale. A heart-warming Australian drama series that at times will see you laughing hysterically and at other times crying rivers. Well worth watching. 
A Country Road: The Nationals|2014|Presented by Heather Ewert, 'A Country Road' is a political history of the National Party of Australia, featuring larger-than-life characters such as Pauline Hanson, Bob Katter, Barnaby Joyce, and Clive Palmer, as well as veterans such as Malcolm Fraser and Doug Anthony. This three part series tracks the party from its origins in the 1920s though to social media and into 2014. 
A Country's Worst Doctor|2017|We meet Hanz, a young doctor who after being forced to go the medical school starts to have problems with alcohol and drugs. Suddenly he wakes up drunk in the middle of the operation where a young woman after giving her child a birth, developse eclampsia which is a rare post-pregnancy condition. Confused and drunk, Hanz tries to save her but fails at it. Still, child was born healthy and alive. 
A Cow, a Cat and the Ocean|2006|After following his beloved friend, the cat's advice, an easy-going cow decides to escape from the farm where they used to live. With dreams of a better life paired with an adventurous spirit, together they will set off to discover the mythical Animal Island, a place where the animals are free and live a happy life. On the way, strange, funny and colourful islands await them to make new acquaintances and friends, such as grumpy polar bears, sardines at summer camp, rodeo seahorses, a platypus with amnesia and many others. During their funny adventures in the ocean, the Cow and the Cat not only will they learn valuable lessons about life, but also they will be able to find something new, making interesting discoveries about the world that surrounds us. 
A Crime to Remember|2013|The show recreates famous crimes from the 1920 to the early 1970's talking to principle people involved in the crime coverage and investigation. The stories are narrated in the first person, usually by a female persona, as though the narrator was an outside observer at the time (a neighbor, townsperson, etc.). The narrator's persona is never directly identified as an actual person from the event however 
A Cruz y a espada|1992|This documentary, known in English speaking countries as "By Cross and Sword", is about the yearly festivity called "La Morisma de Bracho", which is a reenactment of biblical stories and episodes from the Crusades. More than 5000 people participate in this Catholic festivity which dates back to the XIXth century, or earlier. 
A Current Affair|1971|Looks back at the stories that have shaped our lives over the past 5,000 shows since 18 January 1988. In an update on the Pension Challenge, a bunch of other players join the team that is offering discounts to pensioners. Elise Mooney goes face to face with the Osbournes. 
A Dance to the Music of Time|1997|Ten years after the end of WWII, Quiggin starts a literary magazine. Pamela leaves MP Widmerpool for X Trapnel but eventually returns. As the 1960's progress, Widmerpool becomes college chancellor and winds up servant to a cult, Jean & Bob's daughter becomes a film star, and Nicholas' acquaintances continue to pass away. 
A Dark Adapted Eye|1994|This psychological mystery/thriller, adapted from Ruth Rendell's novel of the same name, depicts a family on the edge. Two sisters, the elder obsessive Vera, and the younger, manipulative Eden, cut a path of jealousy, murder and revenge that leads to the destruction of their entire family. 
A Daughter Just Like You|2015|Hong Ae-Ja (Kim Hye-Ok) works as a host at a home shopping channel. She has three accomplished daughters: Ji-Sung (Woo Hee-Jin), In-Sung (Lee Soo-Kyung) and Hee-Sung (Jung Hye-Seong). Hong Ae-Ja's family interconnects with So Pan-Seok's (Jung Bo-Suk) family and Heo Eun-Sook's (Park Hae-Mi) as in-laws. 
A Day in the Hustle|2014|As a flagship artist at Top Dawg Entertainment - one of the illest independent labels in the hip hop game, Ab-Soul stays on his grind 24/7/365. Check out a day in the life of this Carson-native rapper as he gears up for his "These Days" Tour. 
A Day in the Life of Young Robin Hood|2012|A day in the life of young Robin Hood - Follow the daily adventures of Young Robin of Loxley and his merry "Friends" as they take on Life's daily challenges and situations. 
A Day in the Life|2003|Sold finds out his father has left him a brewery in the old country a few of his old enemies learn of this and would like to rain on his parade chailke . They learn of his return flight and put some contraband in his luggage. His wife Jane Seymour is in the French CD and hears of this attemp to disgrace Dolph she cannot head off his incarceration but promises to get h out . in lockup Dolph is murdered . This sets off a storm of retaliation 
A Day in the Life...|1993|With its own water supply, power station and 4,000 strong staff, Harrods is not so much a shop as an international institution. Horse-driven carriages take the Royal Family's personal shopping to Buckingham Palace, and in the toy department you can buy a model car for £2,000. In charge of it all is flamboyant millionaire Mohamed Al Fayed, who fought off all opposition to buy the store. This film goes behind the scenes. 
A Detective Housewife|2016|A sequel to "Destined to Love You". Guo is a detectives housewife, until one day she become a target for mafia during her circus acrobat act. No more a circus performer or a housewife now she join forces with her husband Mao to put end of mafia once and for all. 
A Different Country|2014|A Different Country is a character-driven documentary series that follows five children from Johannesburg, South Africa as they embark on a year's exchange programme at Stowe School in Buckinghamshire, UK. The children are drawn from the Dominican Convent School in downtown Johannesburg - Thabile is an orphan; Dibaba, a refugee from the DRC; Lungelo lives in an informal settlement with no electricity; Thabo is from a single parent household in Soweto and Malemo, from an emerging middle class. In a country whose education system is in crisis, the Dominican Convent School is providing much needed skills for those who would otherwise not receive a quality education. We follow the five successful applicants during their year at Stowe School and find out what they learn while overseas. We meet their guardian families and their families back home in South Africa. We see how they change over the course of the year and hear them tell us what they have taken from the programme once back in the country for good. We also follow the story of Michelle, who was on the shortlist to go but who narrowly missed making the selection. She is devastated that she was not picked for the programme but does eventually make it to Stowe when the Dominican Convent School Choir is invited to the UK to perform at Stowe, South Africa House and at Salisbury Cathedral. 
A Different Spin with Mark Hoppus|2010|Every week, Hoppus will offer a place for music fans to discover and indulge their passions through interviews with artists and celebrities and musical performances by mainstream and emerging bands. "A Different Spin with Mark Hoppus" will also feature Amy Schumer, Mark's hilarious counterpart who will be part of the show both in-studio and on the field at concert tours, festivals and other music-related happenings. The show will also contain music news and fun panel discussions, offering an entertaining spin on what's hot in the music industry. 
A Different World|1987|Gina, Lena, Charmaine, Dorian, and Terrell rent an off-campus apartment from a grumpy older man who turns out to be a reclusive, former professional baseball star. He is inspired to consider attending college, particularly after seeing an old flame who is now a professor. Gina's abusive ex-boyfriend returns to try to establish contact anew, frightening her and infuriating her friends. 
A Discovery of Witches|2018|In a world where witches, vampires and daemons live discreetly among humans, Diana Bishop is the last in one long line of distinguished witches. Unwilling to embrace her heritage she has immersed herself in her career as an historian. Her particular interest is alchemy and she visits Oxford to research some of Elias Ashmole's papers. She requests Ashmole 782 and as soon as she receives it she knows there is something uncanny about it; when she opens it she is shocked. She learns that 782 has been presumed lost for a very long time and that each species of Creature desires it. She is besieged and threatened and knows that, to protect herself, she must uncover all the mysteries of 782. She encounters the enigmatic vampire, Matthew Clairmont, who offers to help her; their mutual attraction is immediate, undeniable and inexplicable because they both know that witches and vampires are not supposed to trust each other. Diana makes her choice and accepts Matthew's help. This precipitates them into conflict with the Creature world. Diana Bishop is a scholar and an unwilling witch, while studying at the Bodleian Library she discovers a lost manuscript. Ashmole 782 is wrapped in mystery and invites chaos into Diana's life. Soon she is surrounded by creatures; daemons, witches and vampires want Ashmole 782 for themselves. Diana finds an unlikely confidant in Matthew Clairmont, a doctor, researcher and vampire. She is totally unsure but something says she should trust him, and together the journey starts into the world of All Souls. 
A Dish a Day|2010|The answer is simple - it's a Dish A Day. Belgian cooking is highly regarded the world over, and celebrated in this fresh, daily cooking show in which a personable young chef cooks up delicious, nutritious meals in minutes. Mindful of both the clock and budget, each day sees him preparing super simple, tasty dishes that anyone at home can replicate, bringing a new twist to old classics, or recreating the best of modern cuisine. 
A Documentary of Life|2012|A Documentary that focuses on big dreams that reside in the teenagers as they become adults. Andrew is an aspiring film director, and he is joined by his closet friends who are all very talented. The series focuses on Andrew's theatre groups and his friends from childhood as they go out and try to conquer life, despite whatever it may throw at them. 
A Dorothy L. Sayers Mystery|1987|Harriet Vane attends a reunion at her Oxford College and is asked by the Warden to investigate a series of poison pen notes that several members of staff have received. She takes up residence in the college and receives one of these notes herself. In the cloistered environment of the school, there is any number of possible suspects. In the absence of a motive however, it is difficult to determine if the culprit is a member of staff, a student or even if it is a man or a woman. When Lord Peter Wimsey visits the college - as much to see Harriet as for anything else - he agrees to assist in the investigation. What he finds is that one member of the staff had reason to seek vengeance. 
A Escrava Isaura|2004|Second version of the Brazilian soap opera of larger success in the exterior. Isaura is born in 1835, in Commander Almeida's farm, in Campos' city, inside the State of Rio de Janeiro, in Brazil. She is daughter of beautiful Juliana, slave of the Commander, and of the administrator of the farm, Miguel. Everything gets complicated in her life, when it goes back to the farm Mr. LeÙncio, son of the Commander, that grows a crazy passion for the beautiful slave. 
A Family at War|1970|Liverpool, December 1941. Sheila has brought her son Peter home for Christmas, but her daughter Janet didn't want to leave the Thomas family in Wales. Peter hasn't seen his father David since summer, and is now eagerly awaiting his arrival. In Peter's fantasy his father is a war hero, and he anticipates all the marvelous stories he's going to hear. When David finally arrives Peter is disappointed. His father doesn't want to talk about his war experiences, and just says that he and the other pilots are frightened all the time. He also starts criticizing his son for small faults in his behavior. When David leaves Liverpool again at Christmas Eve, Peter says that he hates his father. 
A Family for Joe|1990|The premise was that four cute upper-middle-class kids had been suddenly orphaned. About to be split up and sent to foster homes, they located a cranky old homeless man and offered him food, a home, and a decent life-style if he would live in their nice house and pose as their grandfather (this could only happen in a sitcom!). Of course he took his new responsibilities more seriously than they expected, and amid the quips, little lessons in life were learned by all around the sunny kitchen table. Roger was the helpful next-door neighbor, an air traffic controller turned homemaker. 
A Fatal Inversion|1992|After Adam inherits a country house from his great uncle, he and his friend Rufus decide to spend the summer there instead of abroad. An odd assortment of 'house guests' turns up through different means and it's an uneasy mix at best. A decade afterwards, the bodies of a young woman and an infant are discovered in the woods behind the house. As the police investigate, they naturally look to Adam as former owner of the house, and what happened all those years before starts to catch up with him. 
A Favorita|2008|Flora was imprisoned for 18 years for the murder of the lover, Marcelo. She has always pleaded not guilty, and now that her sentence is finished, she wants revenge. Her main target is Donatella, her former partner in a country music duo and the widow of Marcelo. Flora blames Donatella not only for killing her own husband, but also for taking away Lara, the daughter Flora had with the killed man. In the meantime, Lara grows aware that her natural mother is a murderer and cares for Donatella as her actual mom, despite having a strong temper and very different personality. Everything is set in a small town nearby S„o Paulo, where the main powerful figure is that of GonÁalo Fontini, Marcelo's father and owner of a paper-mill plant. 
A Fazenda|2009|The concept of the show is such that puts a group of celebrities (or subcelebrities) on a farm where they stay together for a period of three months. When the contestants are on the farm, they have to work like a normal farmer, like doing agriculture and raising animals for example. During their stay on the farm in regular periods, one of the contestants is evicted from the farm by way of a public telephone/SMS/internet vote. This process is continued until a final contestant is chosen and then he wins the prize of R$ 2 millions. 
A Ferreirinha|2004|the life of Antonia Ferreira (popularly known as "Ferreirinha") from her widowhood to her death, including her role in the production and marketing of the Port wine.At the same time it's told the love story between Camilo Castelo Branco and Ana Pl·cido. 
A Few Good Men & Women|2009|This 7-part documentary series follows municipal police candidates through their rigorous recruit competition, the demanding recruit training at Saskatchewan Police College and their first few weeks serving on the streets as new constables in Regina, Saskatoon, Moose Jaw and Estevan. 
A Fighting Chance|2016|Every day, pro bono and public interest lawyers in Asia rise up against discrimination, persecution, abuse, scams and environmental degradation, to defend the vulnerable and fight for the weak. This series looks at the work of these dedicated lawyers and their pursuit of social justice. 
A Film Ès... I.-XIV|1995|This popular television series, made for the 100th anniversary of film, titled A film es, (English title "The Cinema and") has had several broadcasts since 1995 and is considered a classic educational series about motion picture, which presents the history of cinema through the eyes of outstanding directors, cinematographers, writers, actress and actors. 
A Fine Romance|1981|British sitcom about the simple relationship between Mike and Laura, two fairly unlikely individuals who come together and form an unmarried union. Nearing 40, Laura appears perplexed most of the time. Mike sports a perpetual grin. They first meet during a party at the insistence of Laura's younger sister, Helen, and Mike's sweet, inept and endearing character sparks something in the bossy, stubborn, big-softy Laura. They never quite hit it off, but there's something there that keeps them together. 
A Fool's Idea - Presents|2013|Welcome to a totally NEW episode of A FOOL'S IDEA, featuring the incredibly funny - Aitor Basauri (joint artistic director & performer in the world famous UK based physical comedy theater company Spy Monkey). Take a journey with us through the ups and downs of life in one of the most hilarious theater companies in the world! "I believe...all human beings...the common denominator is that we are idiots. Some of them are much better at hiding it. I am not so good..." - Aitor Basauri Aitor shares his journey of self-discovery, learning the art of being funny and realizing that maybe he was not actually meant to be a dramatic actor. "And I kind of remember one day saying...I will be an actor, because I love being on the stage...and I will be a bad actor. That day was a liberating day for me because I suddenly didn't feel the pressure to be good or bad...I just had to have fun." - Aitor Basauri Find out what happens, when a large scale Vegas show, doesn't go quite as planned! Discover a few life tips from a create comedy actor and learn how to make the world a little better. 
A Fool's Idea|2009|This episode features, Mexican Clown, Gabriela MuÒoz as "Madame Coquette". Hang out with a clown in the park, and watch Madame Coquette try to apply her gardening skills to Bryant Park, in NYC. While this episode is just a few moments in the park, stay tuned, as Ms. MuÒoz joins the cast of, "A Fools Idea" and chimes in on some clowntastic ideas. A FOOLS IDEA is a new interactive documentary web series that explores the world of clown in a way never experienced before. The first few episodes will set the baseline for the ideas and basic concept of clown, after the first few inspirational episodes, a dialogue will be opened up to the audience. Viewers are encouraged to ask questions about clown, performance, character, or just life in general. Future episodes of the series will be based on YOUR questions, so please be sure to ask them in the comments section of each episode. If there was something about the episode that you are confused about, be sure to ask away! This series is here to educate YOU about all aspects of clown, so if you want to know something be sure to ask something, and eventually your question may end up featured in an episode, explored and explained through the eyes of a clown. Help me create a conversation between audience and clown, clown and clown, audience and audience. Lets dispel the myths, and figure this thing out together. 
A Football Life|2011|Following the life of the arguably the best player football has seen in history. Jerry Rice is one of those players that had forever changed the game. At a young age, Jerry had no interest in football. However, he was soon to be the best player of all time. Watching the life of Jerry Rice and his rise to fame is inspiring and will forever change how you see football. 
A Foreign Exchange Love|2014|Imagine looking for love in this new age of computers, Internet dating, social network and texting. Now imagine doing that in a large metropolitan city. Now imagine being from a different city, state or country. And then imagine your mother hounding you for a grandchild. This is the story of 2 aging girls and one gay best friend. Together they live in Los Angeles where creepy meets rich and famous. Where looking and finding the perfect guy to marry is becoming extinct. On top of that throw in some strong personalities into the mix. What do you get? Foreign Exchange Love. 
A Fortune Teller Told Me|2011|A Fortune Teller Told Me follows Brendan McDonnell as he travels through Asia examining and experiencing the serious (and not so serious) ways of reading the past, present and future. How influential are fortune tellers today? What skills do they possess? Who seeks them out? What impact do they have on their clients and why do people still have a deep need to consult them? Is our destiny already foretold from the day we are born, and if so, what about free will? With an open mind, Brendan soon finds his rational western mind is being tested and stretched. The series follows his ups and downs as he begins to struggle with matters of the spirit and the unexplained. It is a voyage into the unknown and becomes a voyage of self discovery... 
A ForÁa do Amor|1982|Leticia is the daughter of a decadent farmer. It's beautiful, young and attractive, though naive, and treats with disdain JosÈ Antonio, his great love, considering all of the region and ignorant hillbillies. JosÈ Antonio is the son of a former employee of the farm that grew from humble servant to rich and powerful man. It is yet a slave to the wishes of his beloved Leticia. His trump card is a shareholder of the company, which employs 80% of the inhabitants of the region. Hilda's school friend of Leticia, and dreams of becoming a great ballerina. Being an orphan and poor, living almost exclusively in favor of his friend. However, the problem is that as soon see JosÈ Antonio for the first time falls in love with him. This is where the misunderstanding begins with the friend and protector. 
A French Guy Named Saba|2013|A FRENCH GUY NAMED Saba, is a series that started as a gift to a friend. Saba didn't know what to give his friend, for his 50th birthday, and decided to make a parody/tribute to his friend's favorite band, Journey. Because of the response, Saba continued. Since the 6th episode, Saba has been using green screen to be able to play all the characters in the videos. The songs are randomly chosen, and mostly songs that Saba likes for personal reasons. A few episodes were made to wish birthdays, and others to thank friends or to shout out a message to a family member. This is only to entertain and to distract you, from your every day life. 
A Frustrated Software Engineer|2014|We all know that the Corporate world is no less than Mahabharata during appraisals. And its employees, no less than warriors bleeding with pain. What happens when Arjuna, the IT engineer, expresses dissatisfaction with his rating? Guess which character from the epic does the manager play to handle the situation? 
A Game Among Gangs|2017|A Man battling depression after losing his partner on the force is forced into a new life, new friendship and new investigation. He searches for answers and resources to further his journey while continuing his path at the force. Meanwhile, a mob boss is being released from prison and returning to his rightful place as gangs deal with the supply of his drugs to the streets. Family, investigations, drugs. Who or what will give? 
A Game of Murder|1966|The once famous athlete Bob Kerry dies mysteriously on a golf course. His son Jack, a detective, suspects murder and decides to investigate the case. He gets caught up in a web of intrigue set in the Soho red-light district in London, with its pimps and prostitutes. 
A Garota da Moto|2016|Joana is a motogirl who lives on the fascinating and dangerous day-to-day of the streets, viaducts and expressways of S„o Paulo on two wheels, having to defend alone her 8-year-old son against very dangerous people. Along the way, she discovers forces she did not even know she had. 
A Gay and a Girl|2015|A fun YouTube Channel of Brittany Scott and Cesar Erba! They're both Artist/Performer's in Toronto, ON and have decided to share their extremely outgoing personalities with you! The two best-friends have worked tenaciously with their careers and are still going full force in the artist game! Now they have decided to open up and show everyone the silliness they endear in their friendship, and even in a tiresome career, that having each other still keeps everything fresh. 
A Gentleman Talks|2014|Zach had the most wonderful time interviewing Jane, we covered topics as diverse as Pet Lobsters, Canada, Full Contact Karate, Unruly Children, Walnut Whip and the proper way to say Scone. Sometimes an hour is just too short, and that was especially true with Jane. 
A Gentleman's Dignity|2012|Kim Do Jin (Jang Dong Gun), an architect with a scathing tongue have romantic relationship with strict high school teacher Seo Yi Soo (Kim Ha Neul), who moonlights as an umpire at amateur baseball games. Im Tae San (Kim Soo Ro) is dating a cold-hearted woman (Yoon Se Ah) but wonders if there is someone else out there for him. Choi Yoon (Kim Min Jong) tries to heal his heart after losing his wife four years ago. Lee Jung Rok (Lee Jong Hyuk) marries an older woman (Kim Jung Nan) for money but may lose his comfortable lifestyle in a divorce. 
A Gifted Man|2011|Michael Holt is a successful doctor who has a thriving practice. One day he runs into his ex-wife Anna, also a doctor. They spend some time together. He later learns that she died before he met her. He goes to her memorial and learns she was working in an inner-city clinic, and when he goes there, he can't help but assist. Before long, people from the clinic come to see him. He continues to see Anna, who tries to get him to do good. He decides to work at the clinic as well as at his practice. 
A Girl Is a Gun|2017|The series follows three women (Santa Fe, Nenuphar, Vegas) living in Los Angeles who go missing, creating a wave of panic in the city. While the police suspects a serial killer is behind the disappearance, the three women have actually joined a secret guerrilla camp, "where they train to avenge the injustice of a misogynistic system that humiliates and exploits women." 
A Girl's Guide to 21st Century Sex|2006|When three is not a crowd; why having sex with multiple partners is becoming increasingly popular, Lichen Sclerosis a potentially devastating skin condition that can make penetrative sex impossible, and the art of spanking as erotic foreplay. 
A Girl's Guide to Blacking Out|2013|A Girl's Guide to Blacking Out, AKA GG2BO, is a college comedy web mini-series in the vein of Mean Girls, but with the drunken hilarities of Hangover. The show follows college friends, hot girl Nikki and bestie Trevor, and their adventures to get somewhat socially awkward Jess blacked out. In 30 days or less. 
A Girl's Guide to Her Early 20s|2015|Prathi (Prathi Srinivasan, based on herself), an Indian girl in her early twenties, is a college-dropout trying to figure out her life. While handcuffed by her kinky boyfriend, Ryan (Ben Hyde), the fire alarm goes off and he abandons her chained to the radiator. Distraught and rejected, Prathi is looking for answers. Instead, she gets her traditional mother, Padma (Pooya Mohseni). 
A God Named Pablo|2010|Jake James is your regular Angelino from Ohio, full of big ideas and big frustrations, until a date with his dream girl is derailed by a rampaging Minotaur. Cal Carr, superhero and bringer of the phenomenal, apparates in to save the day, alerting Jake that they are in fact the last sons of the Greek God Pablo(Ok he's really Zeus but he's sick of the womanizing stigma associated with the name.) Pablo sends the boys on a quest to recover the Golden Fleece before the God of Love, ematch.com billionaire Sebastian Eros does. 
A Great Way to Care|2011|Criminals are always dangerous, but mentally ill criminals pose a whole new layer of unpredictability for law enforcement agencies. That's where Dr. Ko Lap Yan (Alex Fong), a brilliant psychiatrist, comes in. Specializing in diagnosing mentally ill criminals, Lap Yan and his team of psychiatrists and residents at Yan Wo Hospital have close ties to the Serious Crime Unit at the Hong Kong Police Department and Senior Inspector Chung Kwon Ban (Ben Wong). 
A Great Welsh Adventure with Griff Rhys Jones|2014|Anglesey, Wales's largest island by far, is also its traditional food producing champion, notably for grains and fish, as an ingenious monumental trap on a tiny coastal island demonstrates. Griff's mission is to spot puffins, but even on the island named after the species, they are crowded out by various other maritime bids since South American rats escaped from a wrecked ship ravaged their nests. Griffing enjoys admiring the natural beauty and windmills on his journey trough the quiet, varied coastal landscape, despite lack of puffins until after he climbed pointlessly a no longer manned lighthouse. 
A Guide to Dating|2017|Follow Meera, a fresh off the boat newbie in US - on her journey to attempt the arduous task of online dating in a new country. She's energetic and willing to do what it takes to put herself out there. Question is, willl she find that love that all the rom coms have gotten her tingly about? 
A Gurls Wurld|2010|Ally, Jackie and Emma's plans for a day at the beach turn into a disaster when Damon, Ally's brother, plays with her phone and accidentally zaps himself into the chat room. The girls are horrified to learn that their secret has been discovered. The girls somehow manage to convince Damon that what he experienced was the latest in a virtual reality, computer game. But while he accepts their story, he is desperate to have another go at playing this game. So as soon as Ally's back is turned, Damon steals her phone and - to make matters even worse - invites his friends over to show them what he's discovered. The girls know they need to came up an plan and execute it to perfection. All they have to do is think of one! 
A Haunting|2005|In Deltona, Florida - halfway between Orlando and Daytona Beach - the Dunham family finds a nice house for much cheaper than they might have expected. The odd thing is that the previous owner seemed to have left suddenly. There's spoiled food in the refrigerator. There's even a plate of half-eaten food right on the kitchen table. He left all his belongings. Why the sudden exit? Still, the house seems perfect for their growing family. They have a baby daughter, Emily; and there's another child on the way. Edd has a 12-year-old son from a previous marriage staying on the weekends. The trouble is, the house is haunted. The ghosts of a cigar-smoking man and a glaring old woman appear to them. Cabinet doors that open on their own and other strange happenings disturb their peace. They call in Dusty Smith of the Daytona Beach Paranormal Research Group. Eventually, a surveillance videotape reveals a frightening truth. 
A HeranÁa|2017|The Heritage focus on the lives of two sisters, Maria and Luciana, who grew up unaware of the frightening reality manipulated by their family for their own good, making them live in different worlds of illusion. The older sister, Maria, is an innocent and idealistic woman who is not even able to imagine the crimes committed so she could enjoy her privileged lifestyle. However the younger sister, Luciana, is a hedonistic, cynical and emotionally dysfunctional person, that uses sex and drugs to hide herself from responsibility and fears. Neither Maria nor Luciana are prepared when they suddenly inherit their grandfather's business and end up in a dangerous game of intrigue, manipulation and mystery. The Heritage will also discuss the future of water and the preservation of lands for conscious use. A social inheritance from the past, with nuances around the interests that affects all of us. "YOUR HERITAGE ISN'T MONEY, YOUR HERITAGE IS A SOCIAL COMMITMENT" The Heritage focus on the lives of two brazilians rich sisters, Maria and Luciana, who grew up unaware of the frightening reality manipulated by their family for their own good, making them live in different worlds of illusion. The older sister, Maria, is an innocent and idealistic woman who is not even able to imagine the crimes committed so she could enjoy her privileged lifestyle. However the younger sister, Luciana, is a hedonistic, cynical and emotionally dysfunctional person, that uses sex and drugs to hide herself from responsibility and fears. Neither Maria nor Luciana are prepared when they suddenly inherit their grandfather's business and end up in a dangerous game of intrigue, manipulation and mystery. The Heritage will also discuss the future of water and the preservation of lands for conscious use. A social inheritance from the past, with nuances around the interests that affects all of us. 'YOUR HERITAGE ISN'T MONEY, YOUR HERITAGE IS A SOCIAL COMMITMENT' 
A Herdeira|2017|Luz (which birth name is Benedita) was abandoned in a river by her stepmother when she was a baby, and was found by a couple of gypsies who adopted her. Nobody ever knew her stepmother abandoned her, not even her husband. 20 years later, she lives with her adoptive father in Mexico and doesn't know she was adopted, while her real father tries everything to find her; He will go to Mexico after receiving information about a woman who can help him finding Luz, and will even meet her several times in Mexico and in Portugal as well, without even knowing that she's his daughter. Luz's return to Portugal will cause a sequel of twists and turns and many conflicts with those who are against her as well. 
A History of Ancient Britain|2011|In the last 10,000 years, after the Ice Age, the rising sea turned the British regions into islands, largely covered with woods. Only some thousands Mesolithic hunters-gatherers roamed around. However, apparently in several waves and at several coasts, neolithic people invaded, importing sedentary life. The superior productivity of agriculture and other technology, as i tool-making, enabled the start of many aspects of civilization, such as ownership, socio-political structures and armed violence. They left the first monuments, still hard to read. 
A History of Art in Three Colours|2012|Dr James Fox explores how, in the hands of artists, the colours gold, blue and white have stirred our emotions, changed the way we behave and even altered the course of history. When, in the Middle Ages, the precious blue stone lapis lazuli arrived in Europe from the East, blue became the most exotic and mysterious of colours. And it was artists who used it to offer us tantalising glimpses of other worlds beyond our own. 
A History of Celtic Britain|2011|In four chapters, largely based on and illustrated with archaeological finds and sites, Neil Oliver explains how, as far as is known, the Iron Age Celtic tribes known as the Ancient Britains evolved and entered European civilization. Their internecine tribal phase was warlike and partitioned. Overseas contacts, especially metal trade, brought wealth and progress. Ultimately, it attracted the superior Roman empire, which would conquer and pacify Britain into a province, like Gaul shortly before, but Caesar's invasion wasn't the definitive annexation yet, that was left to emperor Claudius; even afterward some Celtic traits and even rebellions remained. 
A History of Scotland|2008|By 1305, King Edward I of of England reasonably assumed that Scotland had ceased to exist as a political entity. William Wallace was dead and the Scottish king, John Balliol was in exile in France, a defeated and broken man. After defeating the Scots militarily, he allowed Scottish nobles to keep their lands provided they swore loyalty to him as king. The Church however played a decisive role as Scottish bishops had power that was independent of the English crown. An appeal to Rome had paid dividends when the Pope ordered the release of Balliol and recognized the Scottish crown. Balliol however refused to return and stayed in France, At that point, the Bishops were looking for a King who would resist the English. In 1306 they settled on Robert the Bruce and war was again at hand. The Scots were defeated and Robert was forced to flee. He chose to fight on and began to win battles. After the death of Edward I his son Edward II took charge of the army. Fighting continued for many years but in 1314, the armies met a Bannochburn where the Scots won a decisive victory. For the next dozen years, recognition of Scotland as an independent country rested to a great extent with the Pope but recognition came, finally, in 1328. Robert the Bruce died on June 7, 1329. 
A HistÛria de Ana Raio e ZÈ Trov„o|1990|Ana Raio is a rodeo queen in central Brazil, and loves cowboy ZÈ Trov„o. But before allowing herself to engage in a love affair, she must find her daughter Maria Lua, kidnapped by the father Leopoldo CanjerÍ, who had raped Ana when she was only 13. 
A Horseman Riding By|1978|Having been invalided out of the Boer War, Paul Craddock buys Shallowford, a manor house and estate in Devon, with money from his late father's scrap-yard business. He soon becomes a much-respected "Squire" who is determined to treat all his tenant farmers fairly, unlike his predecessor. 
A Hot Mess|2015|A Hot Mess follows the life of self absorbed attorney Robert Stevens as he navigates personal turmoil and manages his law office. His unlucky in love secretary Jess, is a tough New York girl, that is the real boss of the office keeping him in line. The office environment is pure chaos, with Robert's ex-wife, Michele, coming and going, his teenage son, Warren, working there part-time, law school intern, Edward, trying to learn from the worst mentor of all time, his one night stand, Catherine, fast becoming his perennial nemesis and his new love interest, Cassie, hates him. It's sure to be a fun ride. 
A Hundred Indecisions|2017|The series follows the lives of the Franklin family. Season one is centered around the explosive reaction of Charles Franklin to the news that his brother, Greg, is in love with his former fiancee, Amelia. Charles self destructs determined to take his entire family with him. 
A Impostora|2016|An airplane disappears mysteriously, taking on board the twin sister of VerÛnica, victim of a fraud of a millionaire man, Frederico. Given as dead, Veronica assumes the identity of her sister, VitÛria and wishes to avenge herself on the entrepreneur's family, finding in Diana, his wife, a strong opponent. In the middle of this war, Jaime, Veronica's nephew, who suffers from cancer and needs to be saved, like Rodrigo, Diana's great love in the past, but disputed by the two rivals in the present . 
A Is for Apple|2015|In this fun, fast-paced cooking series, three hip, young chefs feature ingredients from a different letter of the alphabet in each episode plus a creative mash-up dish as the final act. A IS FOR APPLE is a fun, fresh take on a food challenge show genre. In each episode, one of our three hip, young chefs randomly picks a letter of the alphabet and goes shopping for two very different ingredients that start with that letter (apples and anchovies, bananas and bacon, chicken and chocolate - just to name a few). Back in our stylish cooking pod, which redefines "the kitchen," our intrepid hosts then create mouthwatering dishes for acts two and three. In the final act, they reach deep and come up with one crazy but delicious mash-up dish that features both ingredients. 
A Journey Through Asian Art|2014|We all know Gauguin travelled to the South Seas, but what is less well know is that it was seeing images of the temple at Borobudur that inspired him to leave France. The sway of the human form in the Indonesian temple carvings can be clearly seen in his woodcuts. Down the road from Borobudur lives the contemporary artist Lucia Hartini. An artist whose work is inspired partly by European Surrealism. Alison Carroll questions conventional art-history view that a European artist inspired by other cultures is a genius, and an Asian artist who is inspired by other cultures is a copyist. Both artists have incorporated other cultures in their work. Both create unique art. 
A Just Cause|2017|A Comedy/Drama series about a leader, a symbolic modern day Martin Luther King Jr., that brings together of the very best intellectuals to form a committee set out to correct issues of police injustice, black on black crime, and foolishness within the black community. But the committee members would like to rally for every other issue outside of their community. 
A Justiceira|1997|Diana is woman who lost her child for her Husband. A evil man behind a series of crime operations. Searching for her son, Diana is hired for a underground organization to fight crimes all over Brazil. Now, Diana has the meanings to locate her former husband and search for her son. 
A Kid Called Mayonnaise|2017|When small-town kid, Mayo Davis, moved to Los Angeles, he knew helping his mom run a motel would be exciting. What he didn't know was how lonely he would be. So when a mysterious girl drives by on a parade float and waves at Mayo, he embarks on an epic and surreal quest to find her, only to discover that he has to make a choice between making a friend and making a stand. 
A Kind of Loving|1982|Vic and Ingrid are finally married. His parents are accepting the situation but her mother is still not happy. Vic is not getting on with her at all, with Ingrid taking her mother's side. Things come to a head when Ingrid miscarries and loses the baby after she falls down some stairs at home. Vic is increasingly frustrated with her mother's interference and Ingrid's attitude. After a night in the pub, Vic comes home and has a row with Ingrid's mother and he leaves home. He goes round to his sister's home but she has little sympathy for him. However, his sister manages to find him a flat to live in and give him some sage advice. The chance of being in their own flat sees Ingrid and Vic reconcile. 
A Kind of Magic|2008|The story follows the life of Willow the fairy, and her reformed ogre husband Gregore, who are not allowed to get married as per Fairyland rules. They move out to Planet Earth, where they try and fit into society as normal human beings with their children, Tom and Cindy (named after Tom Thumb and Cinderella) and their Aunt Ferocia 
A Ladies' Guide to Making Conversation More Interesting|2015|A LADIES' GUIDE TO MAKING CONVERSATION MORE INTERESTING is a series of training videos dedicated to teaching young ladies the art of making fascinating conversation. The programme is presented by the Bronson-Alcott Foundation for Social Excellence. 
A Laughing Matter|2013|'A Laughing Matter' is an original sketch comedy series airing on Channel 44 Adelaide, written by and starring a group of talented local comedians and actors. As stated in episode one, its aim is to prove that "absolutely everything in life has the potential for hilarity" - this goal is succeeded in countless hilarious fast-paced skits that range from painfully real social satire to Pythonesque levels of absurdity. Each episode is introduced in an opening monologue by host Marcus Doherty, before launching into a 26 minutes of comedic fun! 
A Laurel and Hardy Cartoon|1966|Stan and Ollie opened a detective agency. Their first customer is a rich owner who believes someone wants to kill him. The culprit is his nephew and heir who is going to try to get rid of the two detectives. For once Stan and Ollie are not the victims of gags. Indeed, the attempts of evil against our two heroes return each time against himself, except the end rather surprising. 
A League of Their Own|2010|Sports-based comedy panel game hosted by Gavin and Stacey star James Corden and features Andrew Flintoff and Jamie Redknapp as team captains and John Bishop and Georgie Thompson were regular panelists for the first four series alongside two weekly guests. Jack Whitehall joined the cast as a regular panellist from the fifth series onwards. 
A Legend to Ride|1997|Tourists from Finland, France, Germany, England and the US travel to Iceland to go on a pony trek, run by an Icelandic family, across the wilderness. There is tension between the two young girls, Kaisa and Anette, as they are both interested in Ragnar, who at first seems to care more about his horse, Perla. A mysterious ghost rider appears - bu is he for real? - and there is trouble with a disease spreading among the sheep. As the journey goes along, relationships develop between the various characters. 
A Leoa|1982|Alice lives in a loveless marriage fits with J˙lio, weak man and dreamer. The big problem is the couple's daughter, Maria, clinging to her father and distant mother, who spends all day working. But Alice throws at you in your life, leaving home to become a businesswoman successful, in order to give her daughter everything that was promised by her father. 
A Life Coach Less Ordinary|2006|A reality television series centered around Nik and Eva Speakman, Psychotherapists and Motivational Coaches. Wrapped around the day-to-day lives of Nik, Eva and their two young children are incredible stories of those who come to them in search of health, wealth and happiness. Watch and learn as each client's story develops throughout the course of the series, from their initial induction through the guidance of the Speakman teachings and towards achievement of their ultimate goals. 
A Life Without Work|2010|A hundred years on from a ground breaking investigation into unemployment, Richard Bilton turns detective and uncovers a moving story of one family's journey from grinding poverty in a York slum to undreamt of success as a Hollywood actor. In 1910 philanthropist and chocolate tycoon Seebohm Rowntree wrote a radical book about unemployment, exposing for the first time the terrible conditions faced by Britain's jobless. The report featured the diaries of the Nevinson family who struggled on the brink of destitution. In the first of two programmes looking at unemployment over the century, Richard Bilton painstakingly hunts down the descendants of the Nevinsons and discovers their great grandson is actor Mark Addy - Friar Tuck in the recent Robin Hood movie and a star of The Full Monty. In many ways, the story of the Addy family is the story of all our working lives over the last century. 
A Life of Crime: The Series|2016|In the first episode of A Life Of Crime Sally comes home to find her home has been trashed and there's only one person she suspects might have trashed her home. Who is this one person she suspects You maybe asking yourself well - the one person she suspects is her next door neighbor Kyle. Could it be Kyle. or could it be someone else? Stay tune to A Life Of Crime to find out the answer. 
A Life: Itoshiki Hito|2017|When Okita Kazuaki was starting out as a doctor, he was forced to resign from the hospital. He left his girlfriend Danjo Mifuyu behind and went to the US alone. 10 years go by and he comes back as a surgeon with outstanding skills to save his former teacher from illness. His teacher is none other than his ex-girlfriend's father. In the time that Okita was away, Mifuyu had married his own good friend Masao, who is now the deputy director and the heir of the hospital. To make matters worse, this friend was the one who plotted to drive him out form the hospital 10 years ago. Okita has to face all sorts of ordeals to save his teacher. But he never gives up amid the swirl of love, desire, friendship, jealousy and pride. Okita may be awkward but deals with patients with all his heart. His way of life gets the people working at the hospital to start asking themselves what real healthcare is. 
A Liga|2010|In A Liga a heterogeneous team of journalists, reporters and actors take off to live reality without prejudices. To show and explore a same fact from different angles including entertainment, irony, harshness, testimonies and drama. Each member of La Liga tries different focus on a same matter. They hunt for life stories without assumptions or accusations. 
A Little Princess|1973|Sara, a wealthy and imaginative young girl, raised in India, is placed in London boarding school by her army officer father. But when her father dies, after losing his fortune, the headmistress turns Sara into servant. She is forced to rely upon her imagination and friends, old and new, to help her through adversity, until a mysterious neighbour comes to her rescue. 
A Little Rees Specht Cultivates Kindness|????|A Little Rees Specht Cultivates Kindness follows the adventures of a young farmer named Little Rees Specht who discovers that kindness, like a seed, will only grow and spread if one takes the time to cultivate it. Little Rees Specht is a thoughtful and generous young boy who takes the time to help out a friend in need. Unbeknownst to Little Rees Specht, his kind act plants a "seed of kindness", that keeps growing as more and more kind acts are performed by other children. 
A Loja do Camilo|1999|When a crime wave hits the area Camilo decides to scare off any potential burglars by putting up a notice that says Beware of the Dog but, since everybody knows that he has no dog, he goes out to borrow one for the weekend. Sadly it is better at scaring off customers than burglars. 
A Lua Me Disse|2005|The story of ex-babysitter HeloÌsa who fell in love with one member of her boss' family. After the boss' death, she gets the custody of her boss' 15 year old daughter Branca, the inheritor of a fortune and needs to fight the envy of all the rest of the "rich" family. The story also includes Ademilde who's the owner of the main Supermarket at the "Beco da Baiuca" (Baiuca Alley) where most of the low class characters live. The supermarket is called "O Frango com Tudo Dentro", which means "The Chicken with Everything Inside". In the Bai˙ca Alley live Dona Roma, the owner of the Bed and Breakfast who cross dresses as a woman and Morcega, the singer in the local cabaret. They both are also the private investigators/ gossip queens in the neighborhood; besides the sisters Anastacia and Jurema, afro descendants who hate to be black and decide to be called Latoya and Whitney, respectively. Through those two last characters, the writers approach the racism issue with a lot of humor and a healthy way to treat the topic. 
A Lyon in the Kitchen|2007|Nathan visits an organic food store, picks up white beans and spices for a main course of Grilled Tri-Tip and Cannelloni Bean Puree and makes Baked Ricotta as an appetizer and a side dish of Roast Cherry Tomato & Baby Arugula with Spelt salad. 
A Makeover Story|2000|Revlon and B2PR Public Relations sponsor a "Hollywood Glamour Machine" makeover of two actors from the ImprovOlympics: Angela and Lindsey. This makeover is a three day affair that ends in a pre-Oscar party where Angela and Lindsey show off their new looks to their friends. 
A Man Called Harry Brent|1965|The director of an engineering company in a small town near London has been murdered by a perfect stranger. Inspector Alan Milton is put in charge of the case. He is the former fiancÈ of Carol Vyner, the victim's secretary. She is now about to marry Harry Brent, a mysterious figure with a connection to the murder suspect... 
A Man Called Hawk|1989|This series features the character from Spenser for Hire. This time he is the star. We find Hawk now in Washington. D.C., and there he is called upon to help those who need his help or whose lives may be in danger. Also people from his past come calling to settle old scores or to collect/settle old debts. 
A Man Called Intrepid|1979|A Man Called Intrepid tells for the first time the full story of British Security Co-ordination, the international allied intelligence agency of World War 2 whose work has been a closely guarded secret for the past sixty years. Accounts include top level wartime undercover operations including the breaking of the German Enigma code and the race for the atomic bomb. It is a gripping true story of extraordinary personal heroism and sacrifice in the face of war. 
A Man Called Shenandoah|1965|Literally, just as Shenandoah comes into yet another Western town, he is shot at and slightly wounded by an escaping bank robber, who obviously recognizes Shenandoah's face. The local sheriff begrudgingly agrees to let Shenandoah lend his considerable tracking skills to find the man who just cleaned out the town bank and who may be able to finally tell Shenandoah his true name. 
A Man Called Sloane|1979|Sloane is a freelance spy. Although he doesn't work for the government, he frequently accepts assignments from The Director, a head of a secret government agency. He's assisted by Torque, a man with a detachable hand (which can be replaced by a variety of implements drills, guns, and what-not). 
A Man Walks Into a Bar|2014|A parody of American film directors throughout the 20th century and a meditation on cinema history. Each of the 12 stories shares a similar cast and basic premise: "A man walks into a bar..." Yet, every episode is completely unique in its interpretation of the director's style, technique, content, and genre. From film noir to musical comedy, Charlie Chaplin to Steven Spielberg, "A Man Walks Into A Bar" offers a crash course in cinema history in 12 episodes. 
A Man of our Times|1967|Dismissed from his job as a staff manager at a furniture factory, Max finds a new job but with a low salary. Muriel, Max's mistress, thinks he should accept an offer for an employment in Australia. She and her daughter will go with him on the condition that Max divorces his wife so that he and Muriel can get married. 
A Mans„o Maluca do Professor AmbrÛsio|2010|Junior, Claudinha and Leslie are playing hide-and- seek, when all of a sudden the fearful Genghis Khan starts playing with them. Cheated by baron Funesto he gets stuck in a barrel on the mansion. Angry, he starts chasing the kids and the little mouse around the mansion. Floribela rescues them, leaving the fierce warrior no option but to get back to Mongolia by bus. 
A Many Splintered Thing|2000|Russell's dreams of being a composer has so far only led to composing radio jingles. His wife Susanna earns enough money to provide for the both of them. One night Russell meets Elly and it is love at first sight. He never expected to get in an extramarital affair and there are many problems that must be overcome if he will be able to build a future with her. 
A Matter of Course: Tian Jing Di Yi|2007|The drama adapted according a real story. The citizen Zhuo Zhang and his wife Fengxian Luo paid off 1.05 million yuan huge debt to 36 creditors by 228 times through 10 years of struggle. The drama reproduces a story of integrity and tolerance in a simple way . 
A Merry Christmas with Bunny the Elf|2016|After spending years auditioning for musical theater and getting nowhere, the charming and optimistic Bunny gets a "real job" as a Christmas Elf at a Toy Store in Southern California. She keeps a vlog of her comical adventures as she sincerely hopes to get promoted to the North Pole. 
A Mind to Kill|1994|Detective Chief Inspector Noel Bain looks back fondly to the days when policing involved chasing villains, playing rugby, and drinking beer. However, he has come to realize that contemporary policing imposes dilemmas that no training manual could ever anticipate. 
A Minute of Self Defense|2013|Black belt and women's self defense instructor Kristina Michelle shows the basics for getting out of various attacks. This episode features an attack from behind, with the woman being forcefully grabbed by the neck. 
A Minute with Stan Hooper|2003|Believing he needs to get back in touch with the simple life and common everyday folk, Stan Hooper and his wife move to a small town where Stan can continue his minute-long national news segment. But Stan's newly planned simply life quickly becomes a complicated mess. 
A Mother's Son|2012|Rosie is a successful shopkeeper in the Suffolk resort town of East Lee,mother of teens Jamie and Olivia and married to widowed Ben,who also has two children. After missing schoolgirl Lorraine Mullary is found stabbed Rosie is appalled to find Jamie has hidden his blood-stained trainers behind his bed and somebody has used the washing machine secretly. Unwilling to share her suspicions with Ben she confides in Jamie's father,ex-husband David. He tells her that he has discovered that Jamie is friendly with the older Sean Christie, a drop-out with a conviction for sexual assault. 
A Mouthful of Sky|1995|'A Mouthful of Sky' is the first serial in English to be produced in India. The serial deals with the lives, loves, ideals and aspirations of the post-independence generation of Indians, people in their mid-thirties who straddle the twin worlds of conventional Indian society as well as the urban westernized ethos. The basic story is about five MBAs who reunite 13 years after graduation to confront a macabre secret from the past which a group of ruthless enemies use to try to destroy them. Woven into this crime-thriller structure are sub-plots dealing with realistically portrayed urban Indians from various communities and their struggle to mix the inherent contradictions of their Indianness with their westernized outlook and language. 
A Moveable Feast with Fine Cooking|2013|Central California, also known as "America's Fruit Basket," is the setting for a multi-cultural feast in this episode of Moveable Feast with Fine Cooking. Joining Pete are chefs David Lentz, from L.A.'s Hungry Cat restaurant, and Anthony Lamas, a central California native who now runs Seviche restaurant in Louisville, Kentucky. The morning starts off with a relaxing (and very productive) fishing trip on Bass Lake-no one wants to leave, but there are lots of hungry folks waiting to eat! Next, the group stops at one of the many local orchards to pick juicy peaches and nectarines for a stone-fruit salsa to accompany spicy grilled pork, and get some California raisins for an updated raisin-carrot salad. Rainbow trout is grilled perfectly with charred dandelion greens, and the crowd enjoys it alfresco in Fresno-with some Bourbon Mojitos as well. 
A Mulher do Prefeito|2013|In a good-natured critique of the Brazilian political landscape, the series tells the story of Aurora, the wife of Mayor Reinaldo Rangel, the all-powerful leader of the tiny city of Pitangu·, in which she is forced to assume the leadership of city hall after her husband is arrested and forced to resign. 
A Murder on Orchard Street|2017|In A Murder on Orchard Street, ABC News producer and reporter Christina Kiely, who covered the O'Brien case moment-to-moment in 2003, joins ex-NYC detective Kenny Silvia in a renewed effort to solve the crime and bring the murderer(s) to justice. While reviewing original case footage, Kiely stumbles upon a possible new lead that could change the course of the case completely. The series features nearly every player involved in the case - both then and now - including the detectives, the victim's family and the people who were there in those fateful final moments. "Taking a fresh look at a captivating case like this one allows us an opportunity to creatively showcase our rich archive in a new and dynamic way," said Roxanna Sherwood, Executive Producer of the series. "My hope is that the story will engage the public to help unravel new details and clues that could mean the difference for a family waiting so long to see justice done." 
A Musical Encounter|1986|A Musical Encounter is an on-going series produced by PBS TV stations featuring world class student musical talent in areas from classical to country. Many of those appearing are stars in their field today. Each show is hosted by a personality famous in a the topic of the show. Lynn Harold for the Cello Show; David Alan Miller for the conductor show... A young student audience watches their gifted piers perform while intermittently asking questions while they are guided by their host. As in the Ballet Show, students often participate in some type of demonstration. The show was created by Sylvia Kunin, a former child prodigy on the piano, who has made it a lifetime ambition to dedicate herself to musical education and encounters for children. The series has received numerous EMMY nominations as well as winning a fair share of them. Each series is 30 minutes in length. A partial list of shows produced in this series includes: The Harp Show The Cello Show The String Show The Piano Show The Competition Show The Drum Show Sounds of Strings The Conductor Show A Young Composer Famous Composers The Ballet Show The Accordion Show The Opera Show A Celebration Show 
A Musical World|1980|One of a series of musicals performed by Midlands children and broadcast by ATV (Associated Television). Perhaps looking back at the cinema success of Bugsy Malone, ATV commissioned a series of filmed musicals to be shot on location across the Midlands featuring children in the lead roles. Growing Up, despite drawing its cast from Broadway School at Perry Barr, is concerned with life in Handsworth and in particular, the struggles faced by people living their lives under the shadow of recession; a fear the school leavers of 1980 share with the school leavers of today. Hugely ambitious of a regional production, despite sometimes tipping over into amateur dramatics territory, a second batch of A Musical World episodes followed in 1983, commissioned by Central Independent Television as part of the England Their England series. 
A Nation in Reserve|2009|"A nation in Reserve" is a documentary series following a group of Israelis who once a year make the harsh transitions from civilian to military life and back. The series tells the story of members of an elite reserve unit from the moment they receive their call-ups and until they return home. Through the lives of his protagonists, the series' director tries to trace the disappearing spirit of solidarity that once defined being an Israeli. 
A Nero Wolfe Mystery|2000|Wartime food shortages leave Wolfe desperate for red meat in his meals, so when notorious criminal Dazy Perrit, the so-called King of the Black Market, wants to hire Wolfe, the detective accepts a case he would have turned down under normal circumstances. Perrit's real daughter is an altruistic medical student studying medicine at Columbia and doesn't know who her father is. As a diversion in order to protect her from his enemies, Perrit hires a petty criminal to pose as his daughter, but she has been blackmailing him. When both the bogus daughter and Perrit are murdered, suspicion falls on Archie. 
A Night With My Ex|2017|Rachel is a wholesome virgin from Minnesota who ended her relationship with Fabian when she discovered he had cheated on her. Fabian is guilt ridden and desperate to win Rachel back, although she may no longer be the wholesome girl he once knew. 
A Night with...|2003|There are thousands of stories about regular women (and men) who would never call themselves "groupies" but have their personal tale about the one magical night they spent with their favorite rock star. A Night With... takes viewers on a nostalgic and insightful ride into the quirks, passions, fetishes and hang-ups of their favorite rock stars as told by the people who saw it first hand. You'll meet people who spent special evenings with U2, Keith Moon of the Who, Van Halen, Rolling Stones, Madonna, and Tommy Lee, and you'll hear their stories - from the salacious details to the hilarious moments. It's about romance. It's about obsession. It's about ONE night that changed their lives forever. 
A Nightmare on Elm Street: Real Nightmares|2005|Despite what some people may think, this is not another sequel, nor another bash at a television series. It's more of a game show. Freddy hosts and challenges contestants to face their fears. One reported contestant is afraid of bulls, so Freddy places him in a maze with a minotaur. 
A Nos Amours|2008|How is it that, after years of living together, some couples convey to those about them a radiant and healthy relationship? What is their recipe for avoiding monotony and yet are able to preserve harmony? They are caught exchanging tender glances, holding hands in the street and kissing discreetly. One day they fell in love and this love continues to this day... Through this collection of eight stories, we offer the viewer a similar perspective, full of emotion and humor. Each 12-minute episode is centered on a couple who tell their story through anecdotes about their love, their choices and compromises, during crises and those moments of doubt. The eight couples are from diverse socio-cultural background and different ages. Their stories are quite moving and they lead us to reflect on our own stories, through their happiness, their suffering, their loneliness and above all, their love. The stories of everyday life trace the course of events in the lives of these couples with whom we are pleased to share their unique experiences. How is it that, after years of living together, some couples convey to those about them a radiant and healthy relationship? What is their recipe for avoiding monotony and yet are able to preserve harmony? They are caught exchanging tender glances, holding hands in the street and kissing discreetly. One day they fell in love and this love continues to this day. 
A Padroeira|2001|Valentim had his father murdered after finding profitable gold mines, leaving only a map to their location as inheritance. In order to marry his beloved CecÌlia, daughter of a wealthy colonial farmer, Valentim must recover his father's mines. But Dom Fern„o, his rival, isn't willing to let him get there earlier. Meanwhile, fishermen find the image of Our Lady the Appeared, and hope it will bring prosperity and faith to the community. Swashbuckling adventure set in Brazilian colonial times. 
A Passionate Woman|2010|Leeds, Yorkshire, England in the late 1950s :- Betty lives in a cold,damp flat in a large Victorian house with her husband Donald and baby son Mark. Donald is loving and industrious and anxious to make enough money to get them moved into their own house but Betty sees him as unromantic. Another young couple move into the house, Moira and her Polish husband known as Craze. Craze has some very unsavoury friends and a distinct dark side. However when Betty and her sister are at the local dance-hall she agrees to dance with him. They then begin a sexual affair which is brought to an abrupt halt when Moira shoots him dead. 
A Peaceable Kingdom|1989|Recently widowed Rebecca Cafferty accepts a job as managing director of the Los Angeles County Zoo. She and her three children, Dean, Courtney, and Sam, move into a house on the zoo grounds. Rebecca's brother, Dr. Jed McFadden, also works at the zoo. The kids try to adjust to their unorthodox surroundings while Rebecca deals with the demands of running the zoo and single parenthood. 
A Pedra do Reino|2007|The Brazilian back lands. Quaderna, an old clown and bard, narrates, from his cart in the middle of the street, the History of his Family, a bloody saga of Kings, Bandits, Mystics and Backlands Poets. Among his tragic-comic memories is the arrival of the Judge, a powerful Inquisitor from the coast, who summons him for an inquiry in which he is the suspect in the murder of his Goodfather and accused of taking part in a popular revolution. In jail, he writes this rhapsodic tale revealing his desire to establish a popular and literary "leftist monarchy", and thus assume the role of genius of the Brazilian race. 
A Perfect Spy|1987|This is the story of Magnus Pym, from his childhood to the end of his career in middle age. As a young man, there is little doubt that his father Rick was the most influential character in his life. Rick was a raconteur, con man, thief, black marketer and all in all, simply larger than life. From a young age, Rick included Magnus in his schemes and the young man learned that you would do anything for the ones you love. When a university student in Switzerland, Pym meets the other person who will have the greatest influence in his life, Axel, a Czech refugee. As Pym enters his career in the British Secret Service, his relationship with Axel and the values he developed in childhood lead him down his own path of betrayal and loyalty. 
A Perfect State|1997|Deputy Mayor Laura Fitzgerald is informed that the town of Flatby on the coast of England has never actually been conquered. The town wasn't even in the Domesday Book as the area was flooded when the King's survey came to visit. Also, there has never been any official incorporation of Flatby into any country. It follows that Flatby was never officially annexed into the United Kingdom. Taking advantage of the situation, Laura rallies the townsfolk to declare Flatby an independent state, much to the displeasure of the Government in London. 
A Place Among the Undead|2016|A PLACE AMONG THE UNDEAD is the definitive documentary about vampires in myth and pop culture. It is a 6-part anthology series. UNDEAD is s first of its kind. It gathers the who's who of the genre never seen before together in one series. The production also provides a rare perspective: an insider's view into the vampire phenomenon. Juliet Landau, who portrayed Drusilla on BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER and ANGEL over the course of 6 seasons, is co-directing with her husband, Deverill Weekes. Each episode includes a narrative film inspired by the conversations. 
A Place in the Sun|1998|'A Place in the Sun' is a half-hour, magazine-style program that showcases second and vacation homes from both the investment and lifestyle perspectives. Whether it's on a golf course in florida or a beach front in mexico, or on the slopes in vail - a place in the sun will be there. One week we'll be in the bahamas discovering how to buy off shore properties; while the following week we'll be in aspen learning about fractional ownership including time-shares and exclusive clubs. All the while we'll tour the destinations and visit some of the different types of properties you'll find there. Jam packed with investment advice, market insight, lifestyle and how to stories, that combined with the panoramic images, that only the worlds sexiest destinations can offer, give you have a weekly series that informs and excites. 
A Place in the Sun: Home or Away?|2004|In each episode a couple need to decide between a house move in the UK or another country, so a real estate agent in each place shows them 3 properties. Each episode has a title of the two places, e.g Sevenoaks in Kent or Lunigiana in Tuscany, Italy. 
A Place to Call Home|2013|1953. After 20 years living in Europe, Sarah Adams returns to Australia. While working as a nurse on the ocean voyage home, Sarah meets the influential and wealthy Bligh family and discovers a scandalous family secret. In Sydney, Sarah finds her estranged mother still unwilling to forgive her perceived "sin" of converting to Judaism. With no other prospects, Sarah takes up George Bligh's offer of a job in the Inverness hospital, much to the disapproval of George's overbearing mother, Elizabeth. 
A Prince Among Men|1997|The self-centred, egocentric Gary Prince, the man who always knows he is right, has successfully converted his career as a famous, popular England international football star into a business and financial entrepreneur. His next more difficult challenge is to convert this new found success into a knighthood much to the annoyance of his long suffering wife and employees. 
A PrÛxima VÌtima|1995|A series of crimes is the main plot of this successful soap opera. In the first episode, Paulo Soares dies in a car accident. Following that murder, the lawyer HÈlio Ribeiro gets killed. He was the father of Irene, that after this she still suffers with the death of her aunt, J˙lia Braga. With the death of the millionaire Francesca Ferreto, the young Irene realizes that the crimes have a connection and she decides to investigate them by herself. The rest of series is based on personal problems between the characters, and including more crimes. In all of the crimes, there's a common fact: all victims receive a list of the Chinese horoscope before they die. The suspense is not only in finding out who the murderer is, but to discover who will be the next victim. 
A Pup Named Scooby-Doo|1988|In "Catcher on the Sly," Scooby tries to avoid Shaggy, who wants to bathe him, and a crazy dogcatcher. In "Mrs. Shusham," a ghost librarian bullies Shaggy into returning a long-overdue library book. In "Waitro," Commander Cool and Mellow Mutt set out to stop a villainous cater waiter who's hypnotizing the residents of Coolsville. 
A Regra do Jogo|2015|Romero RÙmulo is a former councilman who has a life less obvious than it seems - this because he knows how to camouflage anyone who is for real. What most people see is a selfless and brave man , willing to help ex -offenders seeking reinstatement. But is there another hidden layer underneath ? Romero engage with the sensual and dangerous Athena. 
A Relevant Word|2008|Join Bishop Walker every Sunday and Wednesday to hear the uncompromising Word of God. Hear the Word preached in a way that is easy to understand and apply in a practical way to your everyday life! The Ministry of Bishop Joseph Walker III was founded to spread A Relevant Word throughout the World, feed those who are in need, provide scholarships to deserving students, and mentoring to young adult males. 
A Respectable Trade|1998|The devastating consequences of the slave trade in 18th century Bristol are explored through the powerful but impossible attraction of well-born Frances and her Yoruban slave, Mehuru. Bristol in 1787 is booming, from its stinking docks to its elegant new houses. Josiah Cole (Warren Clarke), a small dockside trader, is prepared to gamble everything to join the big players of the city. But he needs ready cash and a well-connected wife. An arranged marriage to Frances Scott (Emma Fielding) is a mutually convenient solution. Trading her social contacts for Josiah's protection, Frances enters the world of the Bristol merchants and finds her life and fortune dependent on the respectable trade of sugar, rum and slaves. Among the slaves is the educated and charismatic Mehuru (Ariyon Bakare). Lonely in her new life married to a boorish and uneducated husband with whom she has little in common, Frances finds herself increasingly drawn to Mehuru and him to her. But tensions are mounting and Mehuru and the other slaves are prepared to risk everything for their freedom. 
A S K|2015|Damian is on a journey to gain self-confidence, rid himself of his paralyzing anxiety, and to achieve his ultimate goal of becoming a person that others can admire and look up to. Through the series, we meet a colorful group of characters who challenge Damian's existence. 
A Sale of Two Cities|2014|Johnny and Erin have been married for ten years. They're a quintessential Air Force couple, relocating every few years. Now that Johnny is being stationed in Boise, the couple wants to buy a house they can call home. Meanwhile, entrepreneur and bachelor Mauricio has been living with roommates in Chicago for several years. He's finally ready to ditch the roommates and buy a place of his own in the Windy City. Both sets of home buyers have the same $400,000 budget. But who will get the best value for their dollar? 
A Scattering of Seeds|1998|Profiling Mary Ann Shadd, American Black abolitionist and educator, who started the first integrated school in Canada. She was the first female newspaper editor and first female black lawyer in North America. 
A Season with Florida State Football|2016|One of the biggest and most explosive teams in college football is gearing up for another title run and A Season With Florida State Football gives you a front row seat with unprecedented on and off the field access to Coach Jimbo Fisher and his players as they navigate a season of high expectations. 
A Season with Notre Dame Football|2015|A Season with Notre Dame Football follows the Notre Dame Fighting Irish as they play through the 2015 College Football Season. It looks at players and coaches as they prepare for the pressures of football week in and week out throughout the season. 
A Series of ONE|2015|The Escapee presents a woman on the verge of abandoning her upcoming marriage and perhaps a way of life as she inspects what is important in her life and what is merely the dictate of convention providing us with an insight to her unique way of looking at things. 
A Series of Unfortunate Events|2017|After the Baudelaire parents die in a terrible fire, the Baudelaire orphans search for their families secrets and get them and their fortune away from the terrible grasp of the sinister Count Olaf as he moves with them between different guardians in disguise. After their parents and house are consumed in a blazing fire, Violet, Klause, and Sunny Baudelaire are sent to go live with their cruel and mysterious distant relative Count Olaf. What is meant to be a new beginning for the Baudelaire children turns out to be a beginning, but not the kind they wanted. Their arrival at Count Olaf's home sets off the first event in the ensuing Series of Unfortunate Events. After a fire destroys their home, possesions, and parents, the Baudelaires are sent to live with a distant relative, Count Olaf, who turns out to be a dastardly criminal after the youngsters' fortune. As they cooperate with the evil Count's twisted plans, the Orphans learn from several mysterious relatives and guardians, there is something deeper that ties their parents, Count Olaf, and all of their mysterious new allies together. The deeper they get in their investigation, the more they discover bout their parents dark family secrets. 
A Single Girl's Guide To...|2015|These days, women are staying single longer than ever before, and marriage isn't the right path for everyone. Thankfully, you don't have to be in a relationship to get the most out of life. So why wait to see amazing places and do incredible things? Single girl, it's time to make every moment count. "A Single Girl's Guide To..." is an adventure in the making. Follow our journey and be inspired to discover your happiness in unlikely places. 
A Single Girls Show|2012|"A SINGLE GIRLS SHOW," is the world from one girls perspective. An alternate reality where the economy hasn't crashed, elections haven't been stolen, where quarters are carried to make phone calls. It's the world she always envisioned growing int: a real life 90s TV show. However, one can't run away from today forever, and this Single Girl, her friends, and her family must learn how to marry the hopes of their pasts with the realities of the present. But, until they do, at least they get to play a lot of pogs and Super Mario along the way. 
A Skyrim Story Abridged|2017|A young and unorthodox Nord woman finds herself escaping execution after a dragon tears through the town of Helgen and into the land of Skyrim. From there, she continues on an adventure that leads to her ultimate destiny; becoming The Dragonborn. "A Skyrim Story Abridged" is not affiliated with Bethesda Game Studios, but a fan-made web series. Please purchase and support The Elder Scroll's series. 
A Slap on Titan|2014|The traumatized cadets of the 104th must make the most important decision of their lives. Meanwhile, preparations are set for a major operation outside the walls. Will Eren re-unite with his friends? Will Connie ever reach his stripping dreams? Can Commander Erwin convince a single person to join the Survey Corps? 
A Song for You|2013|A Song For You is a music request show starring your favorite Korean star! Just upload your story and song request via our Facebook page and different K-Pop stars or Korean celebs will sing (on a weekly basis) exclusively for YOU! Pitch in and join the fun for your own private concert. 
A Spanish Legacy|1977|A series of 3 documentaries about painting by three artists who worked for the Spanish Church and Court.The series contained documentary filming on location in Galleries and churches and also involved the shooting of high quality 10 inch x 8 inch colour transparencies of the paintings which were later incorporated into the programmes within the television studio. This technique gave the best possible reproduction of the original paintings then possible. The artists were Velazqueth, El Greco and Titian. 
A Splash of Paint|2013|'A Splash of Paint' takes a fresh new look at some of the most popular styles, mediums and products on the artists palette... from inspirational features, advice & techniques from some of the leading artists - to throwing the spotlight on up and coming professional SAA Artists - who are creating a creative stir... 
A Stable Life|2009|A Stable Life" is a fascinating insight into the world of UK show jumping and dressage through the eyes of the young owners of Caldecote Farm stables, Ed and Nadia Brook. From riding lessons to stallion training and top level competitions, this series is an un-missable look behind the scenes of the equestrian world. Through Ed and Nadia, see how Caldecote Farm stables is run; from the Livery yard to the indoor training school, stallion trainers and the working farm, every aspect of the stables will be seen from a behind-the-scenes perspective. 
A Step Away|2013|The Jennifer Lopez dancers face challenges in Asia with torrential rain and illness and Muslim customs force a quick wardrobe change in Jakarta. George returns from his baby's birth, even more determined to nail his first show and Shannon leads the dancers to some well-earned R&R in his Australian homeland. 
A Stranger in My Home|2013|Tampa grandmother Peggy Mehrman is much loved by friends and family. Peggy is forced to rely on the kindness of strangers when her heath declines, and when Peggy dies in her sleep, her daughter Janice's grief is soon transformed into suspicion. 
A Stressful Year|2016|Hip-hop artist Colin Stress works with a group of agents from the FBI and the CIA. When Stress finds out that his childhood friend Kevin Hurts and his team have now become the most wanted people in America, he faces his first dilemma: should he keep his friendship or obey the law? He makes a deal with the United States government. He promises to eliminate Hurts and his team in exchange for help from the government in launching his hip-hop career. 
A Suitable Boy|2018|A Suitable Boy is set in a newly post-independence, post-partition India. Follows the story of four families over a period of 18 months, and centuries on Mrs. Rupa Mehra's efforts to arrange the marriage of her younger daughter, Lata, to a "suitable boy". Lata is a 19-year-old university student who refuses to be influenced by her domineering mother or opinionated brother, Arun. Her story revolves around the choice she is forced to make between her suitors Kabir, Haresh, and Amit. It begins in the fictional town of Brahmpur, located on the Ganges between Banares and Patna. Brahmpur, along with Calcutta, Delhi, Kanpur and other Indian cities, forms a colorful backdrop for the emerging stories. 
A Super Introduction to Rakugo the Movie|2016|A Super Introduction to Rakugo the Movie, a TV series is an attempt to easily introduce classical rakugo tales by only one rakugo teller with live action actors that their dialogues are verbally replaced by one rakugo teller not by their own voices. 
A Swordsman in Wilderness|2011|What can a group of idealists do to stop rampant political corruption during the Ming Dynasty? When an evil minister comes into power, he sends Ye Hong Ying (Jiao En Jun), a trained killer, to go after Gu Ren Yuan (Yang Zhi Wen) and her family for being active in a movement to end government corruption. Yang Dong Qin (Qi Fang) is a dancer who also is politically active. 
A Sˆrci|2017|Hungarian web-series which brings viewers into the world of of beer making and craft beers. The cast visits hungarian breweries and show us the process of making beer. In some episodes they have friendly round table talks with other people and share thoughts on the different craft beer types. 
A Tale of Two Cities|1957|Opening episode of a dramatisation of A Tale of Two Cities. Mr Lorry is on his way by the night-coach to catch the ferry to France when he's overtaken by Jerry Cruncher, the bank messenger, with the enigmatic message 'Recalled to Life'. He goes to the tavern run by the Defarges where he collects Dr Manette, who has been imprisoned without trial for several years to take him to his daughter Lucy who hasn't seen him since infancy and now lives in England. 
A Tale of Two Sisters|2017|Amelia Earhart disappeared in 1937 but what actually happened to her is still a mystery. Her story and achievements however still captivate, thanks in no small part to her younger sister Muriel. Their bond, forged in childhood and tested in adulthood, could not be broken by death. 
A Taste for Death|1988|Sir Paul Berowne (Bosco Hogan) - a prominent Government Minister - turns to his old friend Adam Dalgleish following a series of threatening letters delivered to his London home. The minister's wife is in an adulterous affair with a prominent surgeon and she makes no secret of it. Berowne's only daughter is involved in left-wing politics and rejects her conservative father. Adding to his woes, his own mother favoured her son who was killed in an IRA terrorist ambush over Paul. The informal investigation has barely began when Dalgliesh is faced with a series of bizarre deaths that turn the case into an urgent assignment. 
A Taste of History|2008|A Taste of History is a cooking series that explores America's culinary beginnings from the Birthplace of American Cuisine. This innovative series brings America's history to life and makes it vibrant as we step back in time and get to know the founders of our country through the food they ate and the recipes they prepared. Chef Walter Staib, an Emmy Award-winning, internationally known chef with over four decades of experience, is a master of open hearth cookery. He demonstrates a true mastery in the preparation of sophisticated 18th century cuisine, sure to inspire home-cooks. 
A Teia|2014|The crime series, inspired by the routine actions and criminal investigations, tells the story of the delegate Jorge Macedo, personal dramas and the way he dismantled a gang responsible for a major assault on an airport. Averse to violence and corporatism, the character puts his reputation on the line in an attempt to capture Marco Antonio Baroni, a smart and seductive criminal played by Paulo Vilhena. Based on a true story, this police drama tells the thrilling hunt for a brilliant and dangerous criminal. During a spectacular heist, the Baroni gang steals sixty pounds of gold from an airplane. The Federal Police chief, Jorge Macedo, is assigned to investigate the case. But dealing with the violent Baroni will be harder than he ever imagined. 
A Terra Prometida|2016|A Brazilian telenovela which follows the people of Israel on their way out of the Egyptian captivity to their eponymous "Promised Land". Loosely based on the biblical narrative, the key characters and incidents are retained, albeit extended with fictional backstories. 
A Thanksgiving Tale|1983|A group of cats have a warm safe place to stay but no food. When Tom the Turkey comes to town to begin his acting career the cats intervene so they can have turkey for Thanksgiving. A pack of neighborhood dogs who guard a local restaurant have all the food they want but are freezing. Learning about the cats' plot to turn Tom into dinner they try to stop the cats. Soon they realize if they work together everyone would have enough to eat and a safe place to stay. 
A Timewatch Guide|2015|Using the BBC film archives, historian Vanessa Collinridge explores how our view of Cleopatra has changed and evolved over the years - from Roman propaganda, through Shakespeare's role in casting her as a doomed romantic heroine, to her portrayal in the golden age of Hollywood. Along the way Vanessa investigates Cleopatra's relationships with Julius Caesar and Mark Anthony, her role as a politician, whether she should be seen as a murderer, and her tragic end. Drawing on the views of academic experts, BBC documentaries and drama, Vanessa charts how, throughout history, Cleopatra's image has been subject to myth, clichÈ and propaganda. 
A Touch Away|2006|Impossible love story between Zorik and Roha'le. Zorik, a secular 24 years old man who immigrated to Israel from Russia. He served as a lonely soldier in the army and now works as a window cleaner. Roha'le, an orthodox religious 17 years old girl. An excellent Seminar student that is being match made by her parents. 
A Touch of Cloth|2012|DC Anne Oldman calls on inspector Jack Cloth, who has turned to drink after his wife's murder, and joins him in investigating a series of gruesome murders. Pensioner Albert Stafford, television chef Aiden Hawkchurch and his mistress Gavina Dunkish have all been brutally killed with a sword but a clue to the murderer's identity is provided by Aiden's widow Claire, who tells Cloth that they were all jurors who, in 1996, found Burton Bradstock guilty of killing his wife - and now Bradstock has just been released from prison. 
A Touch of Frost|1992|DI Frost is an old-school no-nonsense copper who believes in traditional policing methods. Assisted by several officers including the ever-able DS Toolan, Frost uses what he knows about the street to find solutions to complex crimes as a member of the Denton CID. His home life is complex as he cares for his wife until her death and then leads a quiet bachelor's life, with only the occasional attempt at a relationship with another woman. His daily nemesis however is the Station's commander, Supt. Mullett, who is constantly worrying about budgets, staffing levels and crime statistics. He doesn't appreciate DI Frost's rough and ready manner, which doesn't stop him from trotting him out - with his George Cross, Britain's highest civilian honour for gallantry - when it suits him. 
A Touch of Grace|1973|Grace, newly widowed, has a youthful spirit which puts her at odds with her daughter and son-in-law who are on the stodgy side. She handles things with a sweet spirit that men find attractive especially grave digger Herbert, who wants to be her boyfriend. 
A Town & County Murder|2013|On the morning of the 30th of October 1966 a discovery was made that was to plunge the village of Beenham into a nightmare that its inhabitants would live with for nearly half a century. This is the story of the investigation into the brutal murder of Yolande Waddington which led to the first mass blood screening to be used in an investigation. It is a tale of a fledgling serial killer, frustration, scientific advances and ultimately determination. 
A Town Like Alice|1981|Set against the brutal chaos of World War II, a love story begins that will take two lovers through a living nightmare of captivity, across three continents and two decades. From the steamy jungles of Malaya to the dusty and desolate outback of Australia Based on Nevil Shute' international bestselling novel A TOWN LIKE ALICE follows the lives of Jean Paget and Joe Harman. Meeting in Malaya--sh an attractive young English captive and he a cheerful Australian POW tortured for a simple act of kindness. Separated first by their captors then by the distance of passing years, the two are finally reunited in the rugged outback of Australia-to face a challenge every bit as demanding as their wartime trials. 
A Traveler's Guide to the Planets|2010|Have you ever wondered what it would be like to leave Earth? To lose sight of our home planet and go where no human has gone before? In 2010, blast-off with A Traveler's Guide to the Planets: a 6 x 50 minute documentary series exploring the pleasures and pitfalls of travel to the very alien planets of our own Solar System. What strange sights await you? What dangers must you avoid? A Traveler's Guide to the Planets visits the planets from two very personal perspectives: the direct experience of the people who have sent probes hurtling to all our cosmic neighbors now, and the viewpoint of any one of us who might dream of making a trip ourselves. Take a ringside seat to the splendors of the Solar System with A Traveler's Guide the Planets: an astronaut's guide to whole new worlds of possibility. 
A Traveller in Time|1978|Penelope lives in the twentieth century, and it is only when she goes to live with her aunt at Thackers, a remote, ancient farmhouse, that she finds herself travelling back in time to join the lives of the Babington family, and watching helplessly as tragic events bring danger to her friends and the downfall of their heroine, Mary, Queen of Scots, whom they are seeking to rescue. 
A Twist in the Tale|1998|The Johnsons live in a small country town. Their dairy farm has been in the family for three generations, and although in recent years they have been struggling, Mike - the father of David (13) and Katie (10) - is not about to let it go without a fight. David has his own worries - he is being bullied at school by Wayne Brogan (14), the son of a rich neighboring farmer. Wayne is particularly scornful of David's push-bike, which is no match for Wayne's own all-singing, all-dancing version. On the day our story begins, Wayne chases David home from school, knocking him into a ditch and badly damaging the bike. Mike is as suspicious of Pat Brogan as David is of his son: for some years now Pat has been offering to buy up the Johnsons' farm. The chief money-spinner of the farm is their specialist cheeses: with the bank threatening to foreclose, despite the best efforts of the family's accountant Larry Sharpe, there could not be a worse time for the persistent and mystifying spoiling of the product. Mike is not beyond believing Pat Brogan to be somehow behind the contamination - and Nicky (19), the Johnsons' attractive dairy assistant, doesn't like him very much either... The night of David's crash, there is a huge thunderstorm over the farm. David cowers under the sheets - and therefore misses the most spectacular effect of the lightning... ... Until he wakes the next morning - the morning of Friday the 13th - to find a girl in his room he has never seen before - insisting that he is trespassing in her room. Jem Johnson - from the year 2098. Jem's father, back in the future, has designed a "compucator" - what Jem calls a commie. The commie is an astonishing invention: a kind of hand-held, intuitive supercomputer, which works by accessing the user's alpha waves and the universal matrix, the 21st century's version of the Internet. Jem has the prototype, and was being chased by a couple of what she calls "badlanders" for it when she crawled into her closet to come out in David's time. Jem is charming, brave, quick witted - and impulsive. After a number of near-misses with David's bewildered family, and unable to get back to her own time, she finally takes matters into her own hands and introduces herself to Mary, the children's mother. Katie, David's sister, is very keen on Jem, particularly when Jem reveals a fantastic common skill of the future: telepathy, for which Katie displays a definite flair. Strangest of all, when Jem takes herself to school, she makes a surprising conquest - Wayne Brogan. The only thing that worries responsible David are the two sinister men who seem to take as keen an interest in Jem as Wayne does... David is suspicious of Wayne's sudden transformation into Sir Galahad, and slightly jealous as well. When Jem's commie goes missing from her locker, he suspects Wayne has stolen it, despite Wayne's indignant denial - and when Jem goes missing next, he's certain of it. He and Mike have an angry confrontation with Pat and Wayne, but at midnight Jem is still not back. Unable to sleep with worry, David is startled by the appearance of Katie in his bedroom. The telepathy game the children played has had an unexpected outcome: Katie is receiving persistent images she is sure are from Jem - images of an office, a filing cabinet, a night street seen through a window. The children slip out of the house with only their dog Bones for company and set off to the rescue; they are joined by an unexpected friend and ally - the erstwhile bully Wayne. Jem's images lead the children to the main street of their little town, and into the offices of ... Larry Sharpe. But what can the family's sympathetic accountant have to do with the kidnapping of Jem? As Katie and Bones keep watch outside, Wayne and David begin the difficult task of breaking into Larry's inner office, where Jem is bound and gagged. Katie is horrified by the appearance of Larry and - of all people - Nicky, the Johnsons' dairy hand: what on earth are these two doing together? Leaping to her feet, Katie cannons into the fire exit door through which the children broke in - and to her horror it slams shut, locking her out and the two boys in. There follows a tense scene with Wayne and David in precarious hiding - but eavesdropping can sometimes be illuminating: it becomes clear not only that Larry and Nicky are behind the kidnap and the theft of the commie, but that they have long been in collusion over the jeopardizing of the farm's produce - the "accidental" spoiling of the cheeses - in order to force a sale - and force the Johnsons out. With the appearance of the two men David has observed watching Jem, the dastardly quadrangle is complete. Larry pays off the kidnappers and he and Nicky leave, gloating. With not only the farm but the secrets of the commie in their grasp, they will be very rich villains indeed. Katie and Bones sneak into the building as David and Wayne free Jem. With her telepathic powers she unlocks the combination dial of the safe and regains her commie ... and David makes a very important discovery: documents that clearly implicate Larry in the fraudulent handling of the business affairs of the farm. The children's gleeful laughter merges with the rumble of an approaching thunder storm... ... and we open again on David asleep ... and his calendar, clearly showing Friday the 13th, as Mary shakes him awake. David stumbles downstairs, bewildered: Jem is nowhere to be seen, and his inquiry about her meets with a blank response from Mary. But Mike and Mary certainly have enough to be distracted by - the morning mail brings the precious contract from Pacific Dairy Products they have been waiting for, and the paper the shocking news of the arrests of Larry Sharpe and Nicky. David is lost in thought, as the joyous dance of his parents mirrors the joyous dance of he and Jem the night before ... and Katie enters, bearing a puzzling object: the commie, which she has just found in David's room. David can only smile at her: it is something he has dreamed up, dreamed up for the future... 
A User's Guide to Cheating Death|2017|'A User's Guide to Cheating Death' is a documentary series that casts light on increasingly controversial procedures, diets and revived ancient therapies that are being sought by people desperate to dramatically alter their bodies or radically improve their health, and the booming industries that are more than happy to accept their business. Health law professor, writer and debunker-extraordinaire Timothy Caulfield dives deep into the science, and the social issues behind today's cutting-edge health trends in order to separate the truly good advice from the excess of high- priced placebos. 
A Very British Coup|1988|Harry Perkins, steel worker and trade unionist from Sheffield, becomes Prime Minister of the UK by a landslide, partly because of corruption and public disillusionment with the Conservative Party and financial institutions of the City of London. The IMF, the military and their secret service "comrades" start to plot against of the elected PM. They are unhappy with the non-nuclear and neutral aspirations of his party (during the Cold War) and are supported in their fears by nationalistic media moguls. Quietly, the protagonist Harry is driven by an underlying desire to compensate for the corporate manslaughter of his granddad, "who were killed at work" when he was "splashed by molten steel". Harry inherited his shaving mug, nothing more, and was originally determined to see workers participate in decision making for safety on the job. As his national-political consciousness grew he formed a wider agenda for a reinvestment in health and education as well as public ownership of public utilities. Harry maintains his drive despite sex scandals, the suicide of his Chancellor of the Exchequer's wife and the assassination of his trusted military advisor Monty Kowalski. Harry says that "the dead [read: his grandfather, Annette Newson and Monty] ask the best questions, and we are answerable". He finds some personal support in his ex-lover Helen, a passionate advocate for alternate economic strategies, and Harry's spy in the corridors of power; Thompson, an investigative journalist. But ultimately this is a story about one man's passion. There is a haunting sound of helicopters in the background on the second election day scene. One imagines; is this the day when democracy has gone too far? Will the military take over? Even in a country like the UK? Or is it just a media Helicopter trying to document the radical change? Harry Perkins, steel worker and trade unionist from Sheffield, becomes Prime Minister of the UK by an overwhelming majority, partly because of corruption and public disillusionment with the Conservative Party and financial institutions of the City of London. The IMF and the military and secret services of the UK (and USA) are unhappy with the non-nuclear and neutral aspirations of his party and are supported in their fears by nationalistic media moguls. Quietly, the protagonist Harry is driven by an underlying desire to compensate for the corporate manslaughter of his granddad, "who were killed at work" when he was splashed by molten steel. Harry inherited his shaving mug, nothing more, and was originally determined to see workers participate in decision making for safety on the job. As his national-political consciousness grew he formed a wider agenda for a reinvestment in health and education as well as public ownership of public utilities. Harry maintains his drive despite sex scandals and suicide involving his colleagues and the assassination of his trusted military advisor Monty Kowalski. Harry says that "the dead [read: his grandfather, Annette Newson and Monty] ask the best questions, and we are answerable". He finds some personal support in his ex-lover Helen, a passionate advocate for alternate economic strategies, and Harry's spy in the corridors of power; Thompson, an investigative journalist. But ultimately this is a story about one man's convictions. 
A Vida Como Ela …...|1996|Adaptations of 40 short stories of brazilian playwright Nelson Rodrigues, written between 1951 and 1961. The stories were considered scandalous at the time as Rodrigues used immoral characters and black humour to satirize the hypocrisy and repression in the society's daily lives. 
A Wedding Story|1996|Jamie and Michael met working at a seafood restaurant, but she initially felt he was too young to take the relationship seriously. Michael has proved her wrong countless times, and now they are planning a wedding in the church where Jamie was baptized. 
A Week of Dressing Dangerously|2005|The clothes we wear affect who we see ourselves as and thus how we act. Or at least that is how fashion "expert" Angela Buttolph sees it and she feels it is important that those with a rather bland personae and personal issues tackle their problems by forcing themselves to wear a different outfit each day over one week to change themselves, open their hearts and confront their fears. In episode one of the series, we tackle Diane Metcalfe, a mumsy housewife who has lost her individuality in a daily routine of responsibility, school runs, cooking, cleaning and such. Angela forces her into a series of outfits to help her explore herself and rediscover her youthful spontaneity. 
A Whole New Ballgame|1995|Shortlived sitcom with Brett Sooner as a professional baseball player hired by a TV station as a sports announcer during a baseball strike. Brett is an unliberated sexist pig who clashes with liberated Meg O'Donnell, the station manager. Other station personnel are Dwight, the sales manager, Warner the weatherman, Ted the news anchor, an Libby the secretary. 
A Wicked Offer|2015|In A WICKED OFFER, couples are presented with a series of Faustian bargains, as they must decide to complete a series of scandalous and controversial tasks involving their unsuspecting friends, families and co-workers for cash prizes. With each challenge testing the couple's moral and ethical boundaries, the couples must weigh the potential havoc wreaked on their relationship with each other and everyone involved. As each task is completed, the stakes and the cash value are raised, forcing the couple to decide how far they're willing to go for money. 
A Wider World|2001|A Wider World is a documentary series on PBS that highlights individuals with disabilities who overcome and inspire, and companies and services that cater to the disabled community. Each week, A Wider World, brings these inspiring stories and valuable information to millions of viewers as it examines a wide array of disability issues. A Wider World gives organizations, companies, and disabled Americans a voice and a forum to raise awareness of the myriad of opportunities for improving the lives of those challenged by disability. 
A Wife for a Wife|2016|Far from home, with nothing to worry about but the socks he'll wear, Chad is letting it loose, regardless of his wife's short rope. The first beauty he sees is in for a wild afternoon with is massive cock, when she saunters into his life to sunbathe by the pool. When Derrick picks up the phone, he never expected to hear Xander's voice again, but when Xander explains that he needs a little help, Derrick, his old friend can't help but submit to his good friend's cause. Xander needs to make bail so he can make it to his wedding to Jessa. Apparently things got a little wild at his bachelor party and he just wanted to make the best of his last night as a free man. Reena, Derrick's wife, isn't having any of this guy's foolishness, but when Xander shows up, things take a turn that no one would expect. Even Ryan gets a dose of his own medicine when he discovers that hook up arranged is secretly his wife. 
A Wife's Credentials|2012|Is this the life that you are meant to live? Seo Rae (Kim Hee Ae) is married to Sang Jin (Jang Hyun Sung), a driven reporter for a broadcasting company. Seo Rae has been a dutiful housewife, a humble daughter-in-law to Sang Jin's parents, and a devoted mother to her son, Gyul (Lim Je No), who until recently has been a sickly child. But there is something that is missing from Seo Rae's life. 
A Winter Harvest|1984|Caroline Ashurst experiences a massive culture shock after swapping her London home for a Dartmoor farmhouse when she falls in love and marries Patrick. When Patrick falls seriously ill, it is left to Caroline to run the farm single-handed. 
A Woman of Independent Means|1995|Bess Steed marries her childhood sweetheart in the early part of the 20th century and begins a life in the high society of Dallas, Texas. As time goes by, things do not work out as she expects. Her husband dies of influenza, and she finds that she must pick up and carry along with her life. She proves to be a strong, commited, and loving individual who attracts new loves into her life and finds that she can take good care of the old ones. Despite further tragedy in losing her oldest son, and a second marriage that is not all that she expects it to be she continues to survive as independently as she has discovered the courage to do so. 
A Woman of Substance|1984|A Woman of Substance charts the life of Emma Harte, from kitchen maid at the beginning of the 20th Century, to respected business woman and Grandmother in the 1980's. From humble beginnings Emma Harte starts her business with a small shop, but over the next twenty years she expands her stores and invests in the growing textile industry in Leeds. By the time of World War 2, Emma is the head of a major retail and manufacturing empire, but she has struggled all her life to find love. After an illegitimate daughter and two marriages, she finally meets the love of her life, Paul McGill, but their affair is cut short by a tragic accident, leaving Emma with his daughter. In the 1980's Emma faces one of her biggest tests - her childrens attempt to remove her as head of her company, but Emma is far from the senile old woman they think she is - she is determined to stop them at all costs. 
A Woman to Remember|1949|One of television's first daytime serial dramas (which soon moved to an early-evening slot), this was a creative serial-within-a-serial about the actors and crew on a fictitious radio soap opera, portraying both their behind-the-scenes and on-air interactions. 
A Woman's Dream (Royaye Shirin)|2014|A WOMAN'S DREAM (Royaye Shirin) is the dramatic journey of a young Iranian female singer from humble beginnings who is attempting to achieve her dreams and become a big star but it doesn't look possible in the society and country she lives in. A marriage proposal from an older wealthy man will change her life leaving her country, love and family behind, and takes her to America to achieve her dreams but she has no idea what opportunities and cultural challenges in this modern new world await her. Will she have the courage and inner strength to empower her voice to be heard? 
A Woman's Guide to Adultery|1993|The story of three women who are involved in adulterous affairs - and Rose, who believes that anyone who sleeps with another's husband is committing a crime against womanhood. Ah, but how long will Rose be able to resist the charms of married photographer Paul...? Will Ray leave Sandy? Will Martin leave Margaret? Is ANY relationship better than NO relationship? And will Rose's erotic pictorial portfolio from Paris be the ultimate downfall of Paul? Stay tuned.... 
A World Apart|1970|The disparity between generations, races, and genders (people who found themselves psychologically "a world apart" from one another) motivated this short-lived serial. Although generally well-written and possessing one of the most talented casts in daytime television, "A World Apart" perished quickly in its early morning time-slot, but not before exploring such relevant early 70's issues such as: racial prejudice, teenage pregnancy, and cults. 
A World of Women|2015|Artists, photographer and film-makers, explore the theme of the commodification of the female body in modern society through colors, pop images of clear reference to the '60s. The originality of this initiative and the effectiveness of its representations, which often happen to meet while walking the streets of London, have brought it the conquest of several photographic awards and film. 
A World of Wonders|2007|Webmaster sends his intern to the world's greatest wildlife show on earth, the wildebeest and zebra migration. Paula searches for the "Big Five". Her time in the Serengeti ends on a high note when she and her safari guide come across a rare sighting. 
A Year In: Outings and Alternate Perspectives|2014|Comprised of footage taken from real life, documenting and chronicling experiences and events in the quickly evolving life of a young man. This series explores the concept of manipulating the perception and authenticity of what is being presented to viewers through two versions of the same footage captured in a single day. 
A Year at Kew|2004|At Kew's country garden, Wakehurst Place, Steve Robinson is hard at work making charcoal, while Margaret Leigh prepares for the annual plant auction. In the bamboo garden, Ray Townsend answers a call for help from London Zoo and the tree gang deal with an Italian poplar that stands in the way of the Jodrell Laboratory extension. 
A Year at the Top|1977|Greg and Paul are rock musicians who leave their home in Boise, Idaho for Hollywood. They find Frederick J. Hanover, a promoter, who has found a lot of famous rock musicians. However, Greg and Paul learn that Hanover is the devil's son and in return for a year of fame and fortune, they must sign away their souls. 
A Year in Provence|1993|December arrives and the Mayles are now approaching their first anniversary in Provence. Annie however is fed up at the never finished work in their house. The latest problem is a schism in the village as to who will play Father Christmas this year since the elderly gentleman who normally did the honors has recently died. Annie decides to invite all the tradesmen and their wives to a party in order to ensure the work is done. The village also finds a solution to the Father Christmas problem. 
A Year in Tibet|2008|Tibet is changing quickly and the last episode of the series follows three monks at the Pel Kor monastery whose stories highlight these changes.Tsultrim, the deputy head lama: Tsephun is the youngest monk at the Pel Kor monastery, and , Dondrup, a 77-year-old curmudgeonly lama. They share a single room in the monastery: it is a close relationship, but not an easy one. 
A Year in the Life|1986|Mini series that follows a family, a year after the death of the matriarch. Her husband tries to cope by cycling. And one of the daughters is going through a rough patch in her second marriage. And the other daughter is about to give birth. And one son is still trying to find himself. And the younger son is engaged but when he meets a girl who makes him feel things he doesn't feel for his fiancÈe. 
A Young Doctor's Notebook & Other Stories|2012|Russia, 1917. Straight out of medical school, a young doctor is sent to a remote village in the middle of nowhere to run a small hospital. The young doctor soon discovers that the realities of his profession bear no resemblance to his training and learns that textbooks are no help to him now. 
A benn¸nk Èlˆ mÌtosz|2006|"A Benn¸nk …lˆ MÌtosz" (The Myth Within) is the first television documentary series which explores many of the world's mythological systems in a chronological order to find the common points of myths and legends which connect cultures thousands of miles and years apart. More than two dozen academic experts from various fields introduce and discuss common mythological themes such as the creation of the world and of humanity, the Golden Age, the Great Flood, the structure of the world, the hero's journey, mythical creatures, the end of the world, the purpose and workings of rites, and the ways to connect to the sacred world. 
A feladat|1975|After a reactor leak, Gill is the only surviving member of the spaceship "Galatea", an exploration ship landed on a planet inhabited by a humanoid species. Gill uploads his personality to the ship's AI, wich in the decades following his death must capture a local sentient being and implant in him Gill's personality and the will to furfil a Task: to return to Earth. 
A for Andromeda|1961|Set in 1970, a team of scientists decipher a mysterious signal from space and discover that it provides instructions to build a powerful super-computer. Once built, this computer provokes argument between two of leading team members, Fleming and Dawnay, over the machine's real intentions as it provides further instructions to create a living organism, which Dawnay starts to develop. Later it appears to compel lab assistant Christine to commit suicide, and when the organism is fully developed, it appears in the exact form of Christine, and named Andromeda. But what is the purpose of this "creature" ...? 
A glimpse insight into the mind of Charlie Baker|2017|Charlie Baker is depressed and suicidal after the death of his mother. The only way he can deal with his problems is drug abuse, which got him into trouble with the wrong people, especially his dealer Veer. After a suicide attempt after a breakdown he realized that he must change his life: 
A great way to care|2011|Criminals are always dangerous, but mentally ill criminals pose a whole new layer of unpredictability for law enforcement agencies. That's where Dr. Ko Lap Yan (Alex Fong), a brilliant psychiatrist, comes in. Specializing in diagnosing mentally ill criminals, Lap Yan and his team of psychiatrists and residents at Yan Wo Hospital have close ties to the Serious Crime Unit at the Hong Kong Police Department and Senior Inspector Chung Kwon Ban (Ben Wong). 
A job. A wife. A life.|2015|"a job, a wife, a life" is a web series about the every day foibles of Blake, an average guy who seems to have it all...the proverbial American Dream, namely a good job, a beautiful wife, and a fulfilled life. However, despite outward appearances, Blake's job is a nightmare, his marriage is rife with stress, and his life is far from what he had hoped it would be. He cries, we laugh...a satire, American-style. 
A kaito|1998|She may be cute. She may be young. She may seem innocent and naive, but don't be fooled. She's a cold-blooded killer, and if you're on the wrong side of the law, you may be her next target. After being orphaned at a young age, her parents victims of a brutal double murder, Sawa was taken in by the detective assigned to her case. Not content to just watch as the imperfect justice system let more and more criminals go loose every day, he's decided to train her to be his instrument of justice. After all, who'd suspect a pretty college student of being a deadly vigilante? Sawa is a school girl, an orphan, and a hitman. She's under the control of Akai and Kanie, who give her targets to kill, detailing to her the crimes these men have committed. Some of Akai and Kanie's power over Sawa has to do with her deceased parents and a pair of earrings that are her prized possessions. Akai and Kanie bring Sawa in to assist another orphan, Oburi, with a multiple hit. Oburi and Sawa become friends, and this friendship may give Sawa the strength to break from her controllers, whose crimes against her are as abusive as the crimes ascribed to the men they have her kill. 
A kock·sf¸l¸ ny˙l|1977|The few-minute long episodes consisted of simple stories in which the rabbit with checkered ears helped one or more of the series' other main characters, four children called Kriszta (dark-haired girl), Menyus (red-haired boy), Kistˆfi (blond toddler boy) and Mozdony (big bully) in various situations. 
A las once en casa|1998|Lucia is a young girl who has a normal family a little less normal than usual, his parents, Angel and Gloria, are separated and she and her brothers live with her father and his new girlfriend, Paula. Together they will face a new life as a family with all the joys and tribulations that arise daily. 
A mi kis falunk|2017|What is life in our little village like? Impossible situations, familiar characters, and a community where nothing works the way it should. Funny and emotional stories about people who the viewer will instantly become found of. And whom, we all know. Gyuri, the macho-man of the village. The mayor who spends public money on himself. Teca, the 'hot-girl' innkeeper, who serves expensive beer, but taps intrigue for free. Erika, the administrator who has been engaged for a millennium. Laci, the kind-hearted village fool who wants to be a mayor. Stoki, the policeman who does not even have a gun and only dreams about actual crimes. JanÛ, the veterinarian who treats people if there is no better choice. The priest, who captivates the heart of all local women. Common characters in uncommon situations. There is only one thing that is certain, everything is always more complicated than it should be. 
A to Z|2014|Just as the hopeless romantic Andrew Lofland begins to grow cynical about his work for an Internet dating site-and perhaps love in general-he happens upon dissatisfied customer Zelda Vasco. As it turns out, Andrew and Zelda-the titular characters-both work in the same business-park, and decide to be friends. While out for some innocent drinks, Zelda hears a song that reminds her of a terrible concert she was dragged to. Andrew also remembers being dragged to the concert, and monologues about a girl in a silver dress he saw there. He believes that Zelda was that girl and that fate has brought them together. An unsure Zelda flees the bar, claiming she wasn't the girl and that she doesn't own a silver dress. When Andrew enlists the help of his programming friends to scour the Internet for proof that she was the girl, they discover they weren't at the same night of the concert. Zelda storms off and mulls over the silver dress she secretly has in the closet. She decides to let her defenses down just a little bit, and calls Andrew. When she confesses that she was the girl in the silver dress and says she wants to give their relationship a second chance, Andrew leans in to kiss her as if to reply wholeheartedly. This episode serves as the pilot of A to Z, and the show will serve to document the course of their dating relationship, all the way from A to Z. 
A zori zdes tikhie|2005|Chinese TV-series in 20 episodes based in the eponymous book by 'Boris Vasilyev (I)'. Sergeant Vaskov (Sokolov) is stationed at remote artillery post in Russia during WWII. He is in charge of six women recruited for military training. Suddenly their position is surrounded by 16 Nazi paratroopers. Six women stand by their man and take an unequal fight. 
A ⁄nica Mulher|2015|A story of the almost impossible love between LuÌs Miguel and Mara, set in Lisbon and Luanda. The relationship of LuÌs and Mara will be affected with the conspiracies and secrets of their friends and family, either in Portugal or Angola, as the lives of each character is changed by those same conspiracies and secrets. 
A&C New York|2017|Ashley and Carley along with Dustin set out to find and inform their audience on the best places to go in New York State, they go to museums and attractions and interview guest, they also have a question of the day that the reporter Sara Venter asks. They introduce special stars who sing and dance or put on a comedy routine. You never know what to expect from them, but your always in for a goof family time. They have a wonderful theme song, and wonderful guests. They will keep you captivated and you'll fall in love with their youth. Ashley and Carley do some dumb things but all in fun and Ashley really like Dustin but won't let him know it. 
A&E on the Road|2017|The series provides a rare insight into the minute-by-minute pressures faced when on the NHS front line. Camera crews follow paramedics and doctors of the West Midlands Ambulance Service, over a six-month period. The mobile medics tackle everything from street stabbings, motorcycle accidents and suspected heart attacks. 
A'dam - E.V.A.|2011|Eva's maternity is over. Valentine is big enough to go to the nursery and Eva can get back to work . Only her job at Capricio Tours is on the tour: Harm-Jan is closing the agency to start something new with his boyfriend Jerome. While Adam makes a big promotion, Eva needs to find a new job. Weatherman Hajo van Velzen becomes completely on his speed when his suitcase is reversed and luggage assistant Grace dreams of a career as a flight attendant . 
A*mazing|1994|A*mazing was an Australian children's television game show that aired in the mid to late 1990s on the Seven Network. It was famous for a relatively large and elaborate maze/obstacle course that was part of the show's studio set. The show pitted teams from two different schools against each other during the course of a week. Hosted by James Sherry, A*mazing became one of the longest and most watched children's programs on Australian TV. James Sherry hosts this children's game show where contestants play for their schools. Teams consist of two players, who take part in spelling challenges before venturing into one of two mazes, to hunt for letters which make up the word they've just figured out. The letters are hidden among many obstacles and confusing paths. Towards the end of the show there is a deciding match of Super Nintendo's Mario Kart to see which team will play the final round. The finale consists of keys instead of letters, inside the maze. The more keys the players find, the more points their school gets. (One of which is the "bonus key" and will win the players an extra prize.) At the end of the 5 day week, the school with the most over all points takes home the major prize. A*Mazing is a children's game show hosted by James Sherry on Channel Seven in Australia. The first two rounds of the show had the contestants from the two competing schools answering a question and the team who answers first must spell out the answer on a giant QWERTY keyboard with their feet. The time remaining on the clock, is how long they will have in the maze hunting for letters hidden in the maze. The third round had the students competing at a video game. The team who has the highest score will move onto the final round where they will hunt for keys to win prizes for themselves. At the end of the of the week the school with the highest score wins the major prize. 
A-List Listings|2012|For most people, an indoor swimming pool and private 3-D movie theater are amenities that only live in their dreams. But for some of the insanely rich and fabulously famous they are, well, simply par for the multi-acre backyard golf course. In this new series, David Burtka brings viewers past the mile-high hedges and elaborate security systems into houses (or dare we say palaces?) that a very select lucky few call home. Aesthetics meet opulence in these A-List estates, where no detail is left to chance and custom made and imported are regular words in the vernacular. With the help of Madison Hilderbrand, Mohammed Hadid, Carl Oosterhouse and Jade Mills, show takes viewers in to the fascinating world of extreme wealth, super high-end real estate, luxury and the epitome of the good life. 
A-Lister|2016|A story about successful a-list actor, Jack, who has had a life full of women, parties, money, and fame. Jack has an unusual fetish, he loves to sleep with wives of big executives in Hollywood. This eventually gets him on the Hollywood blacklist. His agent and close friend, Mike, does his best to help him to get out of this mess but it's not an easy task. Being blacklisted means that any producer, any studio, any production will not be working with you, no matter how big and successful you might have been. Jack eventually hits rock bottom and now needs to reconsider all his scandalous mistakes and find a way to get off the blacklist and back on the pedestal of fame. 
A.D. Police: To Protect and Serve|1999|Set a few years before Bubblegum Crisis Tokyo 2040, A.D. Police chronicles the tales of Mega-Tokyo's special police division designed to control rogue Boomers in the city. A.D. Police Officer Kenji Sasaki faces a major dilemma: he loses another partner to a rabid boomer. A day after he's sent off-duty, he receives a new partner in the form of German cop Hans Kleif. Funny thing is that Kenji sucker-punched Hans at a bar the night before. Not only does Kenji face the everyday task of controlling Boomers, he has to learn to adjust with his new partner. 
A.D. The Bible Continues|2015|A.D. picks up where the smash hit, "The Bible," left off, continuing the greatest story ever told and exploring the exciting and inspiring events that followed the Crucifixion of Christ. As most of the world knows, the Crucifixion was only the beginning of the story. The immediate aftermath of Christ's death had a massive impact on his disciples, his mother Mary, and key political and religious leaders of the era, completely altering the entire world in an instant. Watch as the disciples struggle to survive and share their beliefs, guiding us from the sorrow of Christ's ultimate sacrifice to the awe-inspiring wonder of the Resurrection and beyond. From Executive Producers Roma Downey and Mark Burnett comes an uplifting spiritual journey through the later chapters of biblical history. 
A.D.A.|2005|A light-hearted, fast-paced and glamorous series, A.D.A. is about a dance and acting school, the ultimate destination for all starry-eyed youth who aspire to make it big on the silver screen. The series revolves around Anita and Kabir who run the school and are responsible for the batch of students who get enrolled in it every season. The show focuses on glamor, dreams and ambitions of the youth, and intricate interpersonal relationships. A host of young characters are the backbone of this show. The show also features songs and music. Exciting and suitable film tracks are being used to make the show more appealing to youngsters. 
A.E.S. Hudson Street|1977|Dr. Tony Menzies is the chief resident of a rundown, understaffed Adult Emergency Services emergency room located in New York's inner city. Much like "Barney Miller", the characters comment on the craziness of big-city life, while seemingly acting as loony as the people they try to help. And, like Barney Miller, everyone looks to the witty Menzies--the sanest nut in the asylum--for guidance. 
A.I.SHA: My Virtual Girlfriend|2016|Sam stays up nights training and perfecting his smart A.I, A.I.SHA. Sid fires the CTO of his company and is forced to now work more closely with Sam. Kriti, Sam's romantic interest, is also impressed with him. Things are finally looking up for Sam or are they? His greedy drug dealer friend Sidhu, has just stumbled upon his best kept secret, A.I.SHA and Sam doesn't know it. 
A.J.'s 8 Ball|2010|The in-studio adventures of the horror-rock inspired, tattooed aspiring actor-turned storyteller/talk show host A.J. 8, featuring actor, writer, videographer and spoken word artist Mike Phelan O'Toole as A.J.'s quick-witted co-host, and the musical stylings of acoustic guitarist Dennis Roach. Guests include A.J.'s long-time friends, and other Boston, MA indie artists, such as local surrealist filmmaker/poet Mick Cusimano. The horror themed set design features A.J. 8's less talkative permanent guest; a skeleton named G.R. 8. Produced by A.J. 8, Mike Phelan O'Toole and Lawrence Hollie. Directed by Lawrence Hollie. 
A.J.'s Time Travelers|1995|Through a new computer software, fifteen-year-old A.J. Malloy is transported to a time travelling ship called Kryos, of which he is made Captain. With his eccentric crew of Ollie, Izzy, B.I.T., Maria, Pulse, and 3-D, A.J. must defend the ship from evil lord Warp, who wishes to capture Kryos in order to use its knowledge for evil. To do so, they come face-to-face with the most influential people, places, and events in world history. The ride is fast, furious, funny, and educational because, after all, knowledge is power! 
A.L.F.|1987|The holiday of Goomer is upon Melmac, and Larson Petty is intent on getting his gift of foam - but while trying to kidnap the real Goomer, he ends up capturing Bob Shumway in a Goomer suit. Gordon and his sister Augie must then journey to find the real Goomer and rescue their dad. 
A.L.L.I.A.N.C.E.|2016|A.L.L.I.A.N.C.E. follows a team of NSA Agents as they become drawn deeper into a web of conspiracy, deception, and cover-ups all related to the mysterious UFO and alien abduction phenomenon.. A.L.L.I.A.N.C.E explores the dark world of covert operatives and a secret worldwide cabal intent on protecting ancient discoveries from falling into the wrong hands and saving humanity from a coming purge. 
A.N.T. Farm|2011|Chyna Parks, a musical prodigy, gets into a gifted program called Advanced Natural Talents at the local high school. Along with her fellow 'ANTs' she must navigate the halls of a new school of older kids who're not particularly fond of grade-skipping newbies. A musical prodigy gets into a gifted program called Advanced Natural Talents at the local high school. With her fellow newbie ANTs she must navigate the halls of a new school with kids who are not particularly fond of gifted grade skippers. 
A.S.K.|2013|Azra and Kerem is a couple who meets Sebnem, however Sebnem doesn't know they're together. Sebnem has cancer, the doctor said she will die soon. Sebnem is in love with Kerem. Kerem and Azra decides to get Kerem in a relationship with Sebnem. 
A.T.O.M.: Alpha Teens on Machines|2005|A.T.O.M. (Alpha Teens on Machines) chronicles the adventures of five teenagers, set in the fictional Landmark City. The Alpha Teens, which consist of Axel Manning (the main character), Catalina Leone, Crey Kingston, Zack Hawkes, and Ollie Sharker, test prototype vehicles and weapons for Lee Industries, and use these prototypes to combat criminals, particularly the sadistic Alexander Paine. 
A.U.S.A.|2003|Adam Sullivan is a promising young A.U.S.A. whose intelligence is bound with a gullible nature that presents an uphill battle in his pursuit of both career and romantic success. At work, he must argue cases against Susan Rakoff, a beautiful and savvy public defender who regards the A.U.S.A.s as enemies of the people. Adam is also challenged by his reluctant supervisor Geoffrey Laurence and a wide-eyed paralegal Wally, whose social ineptitude is matched only by his newfound devotion to Adam. Working alongside Adam as an Assistant U.S. Attorney is Ana Rivera, a former cop with the street experience to compensate for Adam's occasional naÔvetÈ. Also in Adam's life is his roommate Owen Harper, a trusted friend who reminds Adam of the lighter side of life outside the world of federal prosecution. 
A.V.M.?|1971|A.V.M.? was a short-lived revival of the 1950s quiz show "Animal, vegetable, mineral?", where a panel of experts had to determine the age, function, and origins of a mystery object. It was less long-lived than its predecessor and ran only for 1971. 
A.W.O.L.|????|A veteran story about a war hero's fall from grace and eventual rise to redemption, AWOL follows a former U.S. Marine who in the face of the psychological, familial and financial hardships stacked against him upon attempting to reintegrate back into society, falls into a world of high-stakes crime. 
A.Z.A.S: All Zombies Are Stupid|2012|Carson City, 2012. Robin D'Amico and Frank Enselmo are great friends. They are two young guys fans of horror movies and horror videogames. Their dream? A ZOMBIE INVASION! Docky is a very wacky doctor, he's their best friend. Docky discovers the T-ICK VIRUS, a virus that can give life to the dead. The Mayor Fossi discovers the virus and he will order his henchmen to take the Virus and scatter it in the country. Why? Because the mayor wants create the Zombie Park, an amusement park with the living dead. This two young, funny and bumbling boys, are they ready to face this new adventure? What do they have to do to survive? They will have to ESCAPE FROM THE COUNTRY! Violence, profanity, shootings, quotes and many many laughs await you. 
A2Z: Black & White|2017|Race, Guns, Political Correctness. Nothing is off limits. Zen and Artie are Black and White, and the world isn't. Everyone thinks how they see the world is right. It is either Black or White. A2Z dives into the gray, the space where the real answers live. This sitcom/sketch show hybrid brings a colorful perspective on our world by two friends from different backgrounds. As you follow these two friends during their everyday lives you will laugh and learn. 
ABC Afterschool Specials|1972|Shauna Kelly becomes involved in school politics by advocating sex education when a friend of hers gets pregnant. Meanwhile, she starts to become concerned about her own sexual development when it becomes clear that she and her boyfriend are moving too fast, much to the chagrin of her worried mother. 
ABC Album|1953|ABC, which had a reputation for producing shows that were not as good as their competitors CBS and NBC, used this program to audtition possible series in the hope of gaining sponsorship for the 1953 TV season. The episodes were expensive to produce and featured top notch casts and two of the episodes were picked up by sponsors and broadcast in the 1953-54 season. 
ABC Barn Dance|1949|One of the eariest prime-time television programs, this show originally started as the radio program "National Barn Dance," which began broadcasting all the way back in 1924. Hosted by emcees Jack Stillwell and Hal O'Halloran, this musical variety show featured contemporary dance music primarily in folk, country and western styles. 
ABC Close-Up!|1960|The camera follows newly-elected President John F. Kennedy around the White House as he conducts his daily business, meeting with various people in the Oval Office to discuss matters of government. Flashbacks to the 1960 campaign and footage from his 1961 Inauguration show how Kennedy rose to take on "the free world's most awesome responsibility". To supplement the President's discussions on policy, the camera shows viewers the economic hardships of a West Virginia mining town and takes them along on a diplomatic trip to Ethiopia. 
ABC Comedy News|1973|A sporadic series on ABC late night parodying the then-new phenomenon of happy talk news. Guest stars included many of the satirists of the day, including Mort Sahl and Richard Pryor. Show was produced on an irregular schedule and was reportedly loathed by the real ABC affiliate news teams who refused to provide intros because they felt (rightly) they were being mocked. Cast featured alumni of Second City and other improv comedy theaters. 
ABC Evening News|1953|From the 60's to the 90's, the three major networks were, for the most part, the only source for national and international news. ABC News, anchored by Peter Jennings, regularly presented viewers with both news briefs and in-depth coverage of top events, ranging from human interest stories to the numerous crises that occurred around the world. 
ABC News Nightline|1980|Cynthia McFadden discusses the use of torture with Alan Dershowitz. Brian Ross investigates the existence of secret CIA prisons in eastern Europe. Martha Raddatz speaks to an Iraq war veteran and his family about the effects of his service. Jeremy Shaap speaks to to a college donor about the use of a controversial nickname. 
ABC News Nightline: Betting Without Borders|1998|Internet gambling is taking off. How are Internet gambling firms getting around U.S. law? ABC News technology correspondent Gina Smith investigates. The live portion of this segment features Ted Koppel and odds maker Frank "Lefty" Rosenthal. (1998) 
ABC News Reports|1963|This news documentary program provided an in-depth look at stories and issues that the regular news programs could only give a brief glimpse of. Hosted primarily by Bob Young, this show tackled such issues as the assassination of President Kennedy, the civil rights movement, and the cold war, before being cancelled in 1964. 
ABC Rocks|1984|As the MTV cable network shocked the TV world with it's success as a 24-hour music video channel, the major broadcast networks soon tried to jump on the bandwagon to get their own share. ABC's entry in the fight was this program, which ran late on Friday nights and featured such popular cotemporary artists as Prince, John Cougar, The Cars, Huey Lewis and Cyndi Lauper. The program was not able to match MTV's success, however, and it lasted for only about a year. 
ABC Saturday Comedy Special|1976|Another summer comedy compilation show, this program featured pilots for shows that had not been selected as part of the 1978 fall season, reruns of shows from earlier seasons, and a set of comedy skits by comic veteran Harvey Korman. Also included in the mix was a live-action version of the Archie comic strip, highlighting the antics of the gang from Riverdale High. 
ABC Scope|1964|This long-running news show provided viewers with an in-depth look at the important political, economic and social issues facing the world. Rather than presenting the news in the standard format of being read by an anchor, this show featured one-on-one interviews with newsmakers, documentaries on various subjects, and round-table discussions between a group of experts. 
ABC Showcase|1950|Stareted when broadcast television was still in its infancy, this show presented viewers with a broad range of drama and variety productions, frequently featuring a comepletely different cast with each episode. Most of the titles shown were originally stage productions, with some of the classics, as well as a number of comedies, included in the mix. 
ABC Stage 67|1966|Its the last Christmas together in Depression era Alabama of a sensitive boy and his elderly cousin who was his closest friend. The two raise enough money to buy the ingredients for 30 fruit cakes, sent mostly to strangers like FDR. They spend Christmas day flying the kites the made for each while Capote's voice over explains their separation, followed by their dog's passing, and a few years later her's. 
ABC Television Players|1949|Prodced during the earliest days of television, this program was essentially a series of short stage plays performed in front of a camera. Filmed in Chicago and starring little-known local actors and actresses in half-hour dramas, this show lasted for just under a year, during which time it went through two name changes, being later known as "ABC Tele-Players" and "ABC Penthouse Players." 
ABC Weekend Specials|1977|A young poor boy comes across a leprechaun and rescues him. He is granted 3 wishes. He wastes the first two, so really ponders the third one, and eventually wishes for all the money in the world. We see money flying from all over the world into a gigantic stack. The boy goes and gets his friends to show off the money. They ask for some. He tries to give it to them, but it just flies right back into the stack. His friends get mad at him thinking he is being greedy. The president comes and tries to tell the boy that he must give the money back. He then tries to take it by force, but to no avail. The leprechaun is present telling everyone to give it up, the money stays with the boy. The president then tries to circumvent the wish by handing out Monopoly money and calling it real. The monopoly money then flies into the stack as well. The leprechaun explains that it doesn't matter if they change what money is, all money is the boy's. The boy is finally able to reverse the wish by rescuing the leprechaun again. This grants him one and only one wish this time, but at the expense of never seeing his friend the leprechaun again. 
ABC in Concert Country|1994|ABC started this Saturday night series as a complement to its "ABC in Concert" running on Friday nights. Whereas the Friday show featured rock and pop musicians, this series, hosted by Billy Dean, focused on country and western singers such as Billy Ray Cyrus, and Travis Tritt. 
ABC in Concert|1991|A revival of its old "Wide World of Entertainment" series from the 70's, this ABC series presented concert performances featuring a different rock or pop performer each week. Musical acts ranged from well-known performers like The Rolling Stones and Cher, to newer, up-and-coming acts like New Kids on the Block, Sinead O' Conner and Mariah Carey. These late-night concerts were also simultaneously broadcast on ABC radio. 
ABC's Nightlife|1964|Created in an effort to dislodge Johnny Carson from his position of dominance in the late-night television field, this show featured young Les Crane as entertainer, host and moderator. While the basic format of the show was very similar to The Tonight Show, it was set apart by Crane's spontenaity, lack of respect for the traditions of TV production and penchant for breaking the fourth wall, which presaged such later hosts as David Letterman. These antics, however, were unfortunately not appreciated by critics of the day, and the show went off the air after just one year. 
ABC's Wide World of Entertainment|1973|Musical comedy special with three sketches. "Dressing Room Interruptions" the performing Hertz Brothers receive bad news just before show time. "Mr. Acropolis" A theater troupe use insane devices to win the sympathy of a heartless theater owner. "Ginsberg" A Charlie Chan with a Yiddish accent proves to be a hero to a damsel in distress. All join in the finale with "Together, Wherever We Go". 
ABC's Wide World of Sports|1961|The World Title is won at the Grand Prix of Italy in Monza by Mario Andretti. This show highlights his victories leading up to the race in Argentina, Belgium, France and Holland and coverage highlights of the Monza race itself. A major crash during the race by Andretti's teammate and friend Ronnie Peterson ends on a sad note with Peterson dying that night from injuries received in the crash. 
ABFF Independent|2012|ABFF Independent Season 4 Hosted by David Banner showcases short films highlighting African American talent in front of and behind the camera. How do you react when your "Back is Against the Wall?" As the theme of this episode, we explore short films about getting in and out of tight jams. These are stories about what happens when under personal, political and psychological pressure. 
ACCA: 13-ku Kansatsu-ka|2017|The kingdom of Dowa, which is subdivided into 13 states, is celebrating its monarch's 99th birthday. These 13 states have many agencies that are controlled by the giant organization known as ACCA. Within ACCA, Jean Otus is the second-in-command of the inspection agency. His agency has ten people placed in each of the 13 states, with a central office in the capital city. They keep track of all the activities of ACCA across the kingdom, and keep data on each state's ACCA office flowing toward the central office. Jean also often has business trips from the capital to the other districts to check on the situation and personnel there. 
ACE Insider|2012|ACE Insider offers you a unique, fun and diverse local experience. You can learn about your community, win great prizes, get the insider on what's happening behind the scenes with the Vancouver film industry and meet some great local celebrities. You could even be featured on our show! 
ACTIV888|2017|Activ888 is our weekly community offering: a transdenominational ceremony that brings people of all beliefs and backgrounds together to focus on healing themselves and the world. A diverse group sits together in a literal full circle to converse, meditate, and experience music through sound journeying. Each week, we hear from a special guest speaker who engages us organically, helping everyone who shows up become the best, happiest, and healthiest version of themselves. 
AD Police Files|1990|In the future, many difficult and undesirable jobs are handled by specially designed androids called BUMAs or boomers. Unfortunately, many of them have a danger to going beserk and when that happens, only the AD Police are equipped and trained to deal with them. When one AD cop is killed in one of these missions, his life insurance may be cancelled due to some unanswered questions. To clear that up, two cops decided to investigate the target android's background on their free time. Unknown to them, another android is following them with her own agenda... Set several years before the original Bubblegum Crisis, This trio of disturbing cases, focusing on rookie Leon McNichol and his partner, Jeena Malso, challenge what it truly means to be human, what it truly means to be a machine, and how truly thin the border between humanity and machines is. In Vol. 1: The Phantom Woman, Jeena and Leon investigate the circumstances behind the death of a fellow AD Policeman, and Leon is stalked by a boomer who he had destroyed long ago... In Vol. 2: The Ripper, a series of grotesque prostitute murders, committed by a woman who has given up her humanity for her work, are investigated by a woman who is contemplating the loss of her own. And Vol. 3: The Man Who Bites His Tongue, deals with the near death of a police officer, and subsequent transformation into a Robocop-like cyborg, bereft of all but the very last parts of humanity, the only way he can keep his mind focused is to inflict pain upon himself, the only human sensation he has left. 
ADHDtv: With Lew Marklin|2007|Lewie and Geeno, do what they do best......talk news and baseball! Mellissa Evans takes a trip to San Francisco to cover the All Star Game from 3 Comm Park, home of the SF Giants. John Zant talks with Olympic Gold Medalist, Volley Ball player, Dax Holdren, and Chrissy talks entertainment. 
ADR TV|2017|ADR TV is a television show about independent music and emerging cultural expressions, which mixes interviews, live shows and video clips. ADR TV presents a selection of independent artists and music videos. A dynamic display where the MUSIC is a protagonist. ADR TV expands the bonds between Villa Maria, cultural city and prolific musical hotbed, and the city of Buenos Aires, Argentinian DF. Music, art, culture from the center of the country and for the whole world. 
AF1 (Alle for en)|2008|Lisa is a ballet dancer and is competing in a ballet competition with other ballerinas in her group and they need her to win. But one day she meets Nabil a hip hop dancer in a group called AF1. They fall for each other and Lisa starts to become one of them and starts getting in trouble in school because she thinks that will make her look cooler and that Tariq the leader of the group will accept her like one of them. Drama, love, singing and dancing is a big part in this Scandinavian tv-series. 
AFK Show|2010|The AFK show is a local television/web show hosted by Robert Weber and Ivette Vazquez. They use their awesome powers of nerdness to bring you news about Pop-Culture and Famdom Conventions, comics, gaming, movies, TV shows, and all the things that really matter from all over the state of Texas. 
AFK: The Webseries|2015|A place devoid of modern conveniences and technology, driven to live off the land. They are AFK - away from keyboard. A group of disparate individuals forced to work together in a new land with no rules, no game masters, and no multiple lives ... only the fittest, fastest, strongest and most cunning will survive. 
AFP: American Fighter Pilot|2002|This reality series followed three male US Air Force officers as they attended flight school at Tyndall Air Force Base in Panama City, Florida. If they passed the course, which lasts several months, they would become pilots of F-15 fighter jets. The series featured classroom training, practical exercises, and interviews with instructors. Viewers also saw how the officers' wives and families were affected by the high-stress environment. The series was cancelled after three episodes because of low ratings. 
AIB Video Podcast|2013|All India Bakchod usually abbreviated and referred to as AIB is an Indian comedy group. The group was initially founded by Gursimran Khamba and Tanmay Bhat and was later joined by Rohan Joshi and Ashish Shakya. Abish Mathew and Kaneez Surka frequently collaborate with them. All four members are equal owners of the group. The group maintains a YouTube channel [1] that shows their comedy sketches and parodies on topics such as politics, society, and the Hindi film industry, and much of their reputation was founded on their online presence. 
AIR: America's Investigative Reports|2006|In the fall of 2004, a spill of hundreds of gallons of thick crude oil in Seattle's Puget Sound, which no company owned up to, led an intrepid Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter from the SEATTLE POST-INTELLIGENCER to embark on an investigation into the actual state of the Pacific Northwest's oil transport industry. 
AKB48 Show!|2013|In the ninth installment from N46 SHOW series, Nogizaka46 performs their 14th single, "Harujion ga Sakukoro". Keyakizaka46 makes the meteoric debut on the show playing their first single, "Silent Majority". The episode closes with a acoustic rendition of "Shibuya River", performed by Yuichanzu. 
ALF Tales|1988|Alf and his friends from Melmac spoof and retell some classic stories (such as Robin Hood, Cinderella, The Legend of Sleepy Hollow etc...) in only the way that ALF could. 
ALF|1986|The Tanner family is an average American family. One day, they discover that they have a visitor. He's small, he's furry, he's arrogant, and he's an alien from the planet Melmac. Unsure what to do, they name him ALF: Alien Life Form. Alf soon decides that as much as he misses his home planet, there's a lot to be said for Earth: the Tanners are willing to concede anything as long as he doesn't announce his presence. Oh yeah, the Tanners also have a cat, which looks rather tasty... 
AM Northwest|1976|Everything from cobblers to cookies, puddings to pies, and even cupcakes are made. Chef Ani's easy-to-make raw sweets are wheat-, gluten-, dairy-, processed sugar-, and cruelty-free. Deceptively simple, these treats pack loads of flavor and nutrition in every bite. Her recipes include Raspberry Ganache Fudge Cake and Lemon Pudding Filled Coconut Cupcakes. On this episode, Ani showed us how to make Oatmeal Raisin cookies. 
AMA United States Motocross Nationals|1990|National Motocross Championships in the 125cc, 250cc and 500cc divisions. In the two years leading up to 1990 Jean-Michel Bayle served notice that he could win indoors or out, and on any sized bike. He won 125, 250 and 500 Nationals, as well as a handful of AMA Supercross mains, within the first calendar year of his U.S. campaign. So when he put a stop to embittered teammate Jeff Stanton's championship winning streak at two with a resounding AMA Supercross Championship, Stanton seemed to begrudge not only Bayle's seemingly effortless, natural ability, as well as his close friendship with Honda team manager Roger DeCoster. There was also an issue with the fans. This was the era of the first Gulf War, and the announcers in the AMA Supercross series fanned flames of resentment towards the foreigner by simply being over-the-top, pro-American in their race calls. JMB used the abrasive booing for motivation, and that made the fans boo him even more. Not a great moment for anyone, including Stanton and Bradshaw, both of whom seemed to get pulled into it simply because they were American heroes. Jean-Michel Bayle's takeover of American Motocross in 1991 was a shocker, but his motivation for the 1992 season was just as surprising. At about the same time JMB was getting the number one plates bolted onto his 1992 Honda CRs, he announced that he would quit motocross and supercross at the end of the season and embark on a road racing career for 1993. Even for the enigmatic Bayle, this was crazy! Indeed, JMB did not have the same motivation for dirt bike racing in 1992, while his Honda teammate Stanton showed up leaner, meaner and determined to get the titles he lost in '91 back. But both of them would soon have to take a back seat to Team Yamaha's Damon Bradshaw, who was coming of age in his third year in the 250 class. Bradshaw won five SX races in a row early in the '92 Camel Supercross campaign, while Stanton and Bayle were struggling on their new Hondas, which were totally revamped from the previous year's models. But Bradshaw crashed away his entire points lead at Indianapolis, and let the Honda boys back in the hunt. What followed was a nip-and-tuck battle for the supercross points lead between the three, with Bayle showing occasional, inspired glimpses of his '91 form, Bradshaw riding aggressively (which was good at times and bad at others) and Stanton staying in the hunt in his typical workman form. 
AMC Jedi Council|2015|Jedi Council is an informative and internetaining talk show about all things Star Wars for fans or anyone curious about what's next in the Star Wars Universe. You can find new episodes airing every Thursday afternoon on YouTube by the people at Collider that bring you shows such as Movie Talk and Movie Trivia Schmoedown. The expert staff research the latest news about Star Wars so you don't have to. The show is done in segments such as a segment about Star Wars Canon (everything in the world of Star Wars as it relates to the movies) called 'What's the deal with Canon!' (spoken like Jerry Seinfeld) The segments are introduced by Christian Harloff, aka Darth Harloff. Other segments include 'Star Wars Movie News' and 'A short time ago in a tweet not so far away' where they take questions from viewers tweets and answer with both facts and opinions. The average episode lasts an average of about an hour, give or take 15 minutes. 
AMC|1951|This is a talk show hosted by Frances Scully; guest star Gary Gray appeared on the April 25, 1951 show, promoting the new MGM Technicolor film, "The Painted Hills," that starred Gary Gray and Lassie - it would be Lassie's last film, as she was replaced by her offspring for the TV series. 
AN.X.O|2015|AN.X.O is a web series with 8 minute episodes that explores the life of Azarias, a new Guardian Angel, protector of those in need, who is assigned to help Sarah, a young university student, after she gets into a car accident and loses her vision. Azarias must guide Sarah through her difficulties while learning on the job and fighting off other spiritual forces. All Guardian Angels wear their halos on their wrist. Azarias' halo device can project holograms with computer like interfaces that he can interact with using his fingers. It can also project light into solid objects such as a sword, key, & shield. Azarias is a disciplined Guardian Angel who uses spirituality, kung-fu and Brazilian style jiu jitsu to defend the people he is assigned to. Links Photo Language Productions Like page on Facebook Created By Vincent T Joachim Vincent T Joachim Calgary Genre: Fiction Topics: Arts, Innovation Target Audience: Adults Target Length: 8 minutes Budget: $10,000 AN.X.O is a web series with 8 minute episodes that explores the life of Azarias, a new Guardian Angel, protector of those in need, who is assigned to help Sarah, a young university student, after she gets into a car accident and loses her vision. Azarias must guide Sarah through her difficulties while learning on the job and fighting off other spiritual forces. All Guardian Angels wear their halos on their wrist. Azarias' halo device can project holograms with computer like interfaces that he can interact with using his fingers. It can also project light into solid objects such as a sword, key, & shield. Azarias is a disciplined Guardian Angel who uses spirituality, kung-fu and Brazilian style jiu jitsu to defend the people he is assigned to. 
AOL Build|2014|Take a group of selfish, lazy "friends" with ambitions ranging from getting-rich-quick to sleeping with each other's mothers and you have It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. Show co-creator, writer and star Charlie Day discusses the making of the hilariously rule-breaking show, now about to begin its 10th season on FXX. 
APB|2016|Gordon tells Gideon that the Mayor through Murphy's ex has enough to shut him down, so he tells Gideon, they need to do something to counter what they have. A man shoots an ATM machine and when arrested demands to speak to Gideon. He says he wants to ask Gideon to get the ones responsible for his daughter becoming an invalid. It seems she took a new drug and it had devastating effects on her. Gideon tries to find the ones responsible. He comes up with a plan and finds the one behind the whole thing. But because of legal technicalities they have to let the guy go. Gideon was hoping this was the thing Gordon said they needed. Gordon sends two cops to bring in wanted fugitives and they meet one who claims he only did what he did to help other people. 
APB: With Troy Dunn|2014|A woman asks for Troy's help in finding her father's family, hoping they can reveal the hidden secrets behind her father's murder. Additionally, Troy races against the clock for a mom who is weeks from death, and hasn't seen her daughter in 50 years. 
ARSD Roller Derby|2012|(A.R.S.D.) is committed to athleticism and sportsmanship, as well as raising awareness about and furthering the sport of roller derby. (A.R.S.D.) believes in the importance of fostering the spread of roller derby as a sport and supporting roller derby culture by embodying the values of friendship, empowerment, dedication, discipline and a "for the skater, by the skater" philosophy. (A.R.S.D.) Skaters it is our goal to demonstrate positive roles and act as contributing members of the community. Banked Track-It appeals to people from all walks of life. ARSD Roller Derby. Brings you live Banked Track Roller Derby Action. The Official American Roller Skating Derby League was . Established in 1997 by Cali owner DAN FERRARI, and living in it's "TRUE PROFESSIONAL" Roller Derby Banked Style Skating. 
ASIA Exposed|2010|In episode 1, a fashion photographer goes to shoot victims of domestic violence in a Manila Prison. In episode 2, a baby photographer travels to India to cover the Hijras, or third gender. Episode 3 is about a noted landscape photographer who goes to Shanxi, China, to shed light onto the casualties of its rapid industrialization. In episode 4, a photojournalist goes to Manila to look at how people with disabilities struggle for survival. Episode 5 is about a food photographer who wants to explore the meaning of food, not as a luxury but a basic necessity. The final episode is about a wedding photographer who goes to India to cover death practices at Varanasi 
ATP World Tour Uncovered|2015|ATP World Tour Uncovered is a weekly lifestyle television show that provides fans with unrivalled behind-the-scenes access to the most exciting tennis players and tournaments on earth. Each 30-minute episode tells the story of the season and delivers personality-driven player profiles, in-depth tournament features, off-court colour stories, high-level instruction and tactical analysis by Justin Gimelstob and much more. 
ATSN TV: American Trigger Sports Network Television|2011|The NSCA National Championship is the culmination of the NSCA's sporting clays season of events and is the most prestigious competition of the year with almost 2000 participants attending annually and growing. Brad Kidd Jr., 2010 NSCA National Champion is interviewed by host, James B. Towle via Skype. Kidd discusses his win and what it took to make his dream a reality. 
ATSN: Stop the Threat|2012|Hosted and moderated by James B. Towle, ATSN's series "Stop the Threat" depicts reenactments of real crime scenes as they happened from across the country, providing a forum for expert guests (including firearms and weapon specialists, self-defense trainers, law enforcement and other professionals) to offer their expertise and advise on the situations as they occurred in a conversation that helps viewers and legally armed citizens to prepare should they be confronted with the unexpected. 
AV Squad|2003|AV Squad is National Lampoon's alternative music magazine, interview and live performance program. The show's purpose is to expose new music and artists through lighthearted comedic sensibility that is National Lampoon. AV Squad serves as a launch pad for next generation talent and provides an outlet for groundbreaking performances. Astonishingly, AV Squad is created womb-to-tomb with 1-producer/director/editor/camera operator, 1-co-producer, 1-host and 1-make-up artists. With four people on-staff, AV Squad produced 25, 30-minute episodes in 30-weeks featuring 28-original AV Squad packages (interviews and performances) and aired over 100-music videos with no repeats during its first season! AV Squad is National Lampoon's alternative music magazine, interview and live performance program. The show's purpose is to expose new music and artists through lighthearted comedic sensibility that is National Lampoon. AV Squad serves as a launch pad for next generation talent and provides an outlet for groundbreaking performances. Astonishingly, AV Squad is created womb-to-womb with 1-producer/director/editor/camera operator, 1-co-producer, 1-host and 1-make-up artists. With four people on-staff, AV Squad produced 25, 30-minute episodes in 30-weeks featuring 28-original AV Squad packages (interviews and performances) and aired over 100-music videos with no repeats during its first season! 
AWE Overload|2006|AWE Overload was a TV show from Action Wrestling Entertainment that aired on The Fight Network in January of 2006, there were only 7 episodes aired. All of the episodes were taped at the Investors Group Athletic Centre in Winnipeg, Manitoba. The shows contained a mix of in-ring professional wrestling (including MMA exhibitions) and backstage interviews and vignettes. It was the first Winnipeg-based professional wrestling TV show to be on a national network on a weekly basis. AWE would also feature the entire show on their website a week after it aired on The Fight Network. 
AX Live|2010|AX Live is a weekly web cast, filmed at the Anime Expo headquarters in California. During each live web cast, fans will be able to tune in to get the latest news about Anime Expo, discuss topics related to the anime/manga/video game industry, and check out the latest figure reviews. Along the way, viewers and fans have the opportunity to offer their viewpoint on various issues through methods ranging from live chat to twitter. AX Live will also include interviews and videos from past Anime Expos as well as sneak peeks for upcoming events. 
AXS Live|2012|The world of pop-culture is vast and host Ryan Stout is here to break it down for you. From the hottest viral videos to the biggest names in music, AXS Live is your cheat sheet to the day's biggest trends to keep you in the entertainment know. 
AXS TV's Super Party|2014|Hosted by Kristen Aldridge and comedian Ryan Stout, with Katie Daryl reporting from the field, AXS TV'S SUPER PARTY aired live from New York's PIER 40 at Hudson River Park, recapping the top highlights from the biggest parties leading up to Super Bowl XLVIII. 
Aa Megamisama|2005|Nice Guy Keiichi is doing his best as a poor student at a tech college, but his good nature is taken advantage of relentlessly. One day he is attempting to order a pizza over the phone (being stuck at the dorm to take messages for upperclassmen) and by fate reaches the Goddess Help Line. Before he knows it he is presented with a real live goddess named Belldandy who will grant him one and only one wish. Still suspecting he is the butt of an elaborate joke, he wishes for her to be by his side forever. His wish is granted! It would seem his luck has changed, but he finds out that having a goddess is no way to avoid trouble. When Keiichi Morisato accidentally calls heaven, the goddess Belldandy descends to grant him one wish. But when Keiichi wishes for a goddess like her to stay with him always, he gets more then he bargained for! Now Keiichi must survive Belldandy's crazy sisters, jealous women, lecherous men, evil demons, and college life! Will Keiichi ever be able to be with Belldandy? Comedy and romance meet for a match made in heaven, with "Ah! My Goddess"! The first three episodes of this series detail the whole of the plot. Morisato Keiichi is a student at the Nekomi Institute of Technology in Japan; a typical college sophomore, with little money or respect from his senpai (seniors) that run the Motor Club he belongs to. As he is the least senior, his senpai make him stay to take messages while they go out to a party. One message, he is told, is so important that he has to call his senpai back when it comes in. Alone and bored, Keiichi finally gets the message and makes the call to his senpai at the appointed time. However, Fate intervenes, Keiichi inadvertently dials a wrong number, and gets a lovely female voice that tells him that he has reached the "Goddess Assistace Agency Help Line". Before he can object, the voice says that she will be right over. Seconds later, from the mirror on his wall, a strange and beautiful young woman appears, floats to his floor, calls him by name, and announces that she is the Goddess Belldandy, and because his life has been filled with suffering for which he never lost his innate sense of goodness and right, Heaven has decided to grant Keiichi a single wish for anything that he can possibly imagine. After talking with Belldandy and convincing himself that she just might be a real Goddess, Keiichi proclaims his wish: "I wish a goddess like you would stay by my side forever!" When the wish is granted by Heaven, a whole new world and life begins for both Keiichi and Belldandy, and everything connected to them on Earth and in Heaven. Which only goes to show...be careful of what you wish for, because it just might come true. 
Aaagh! It's the Mr. Hell Show!|2000|Every week Mr. Hell, a sulphurous and sardonic anti-hero, voiced by Bob Monkhouse, stars in his own adventures, and introduces a parade of short, sharp sketches and cracked recurring characters - all infected with the same wickedly cynical sense of humour. 
Aaahh!!! Real Monsters|1994|The show takes us through the struggles of life as a child monster. Three monster friends are studying how to scare humans in school. Often, their attempts don't work out as planned. 
Aaf|2013|A Dutch sitcom based on the American TV show "Roseanne" circles around the middle-class family Jansen and head of the household, Aaf. The story portrays the family dealing with money, work, school, and marital problems. Aaf works in a call center and her husband, Ton, does construction work. Marie, the eldest daughter, is a pretty and smart teenager who cares about her looks and popularity more than others. Jozefien, the middle child, often tries to get away with schemes that end up kicking her in the butt more than once. And Bennie, the youngest, is the good son and always does what his parents tell him to do. Jacky is Aaf's younger sister and is also her colleague at the call center. She visits the Jansens very often, usually to Ton's annoyance. 
Aag|2014|SuperModel / VJ turned actor Wiqar Ali Khan is all set to make his television debut as the lead actor with veteran Jamal Shah, director 28 episode of TV serial Aag (2014) on Aaj channel Play Max TV. The play is a modern day story of a feudal lord (Jamal Shah) and his most trusted bodyguard (Wiqar Ali Khan). Each holds onto what they imagine to be correct and the trials and tribulations unfold. The play is mostly shot in Punjab and its cast include Asaldin Khan, Shafqat Cheema, Ghulam Mohidin, Shamil Khan, Ushna Shah and many more. Wiqar Ali Khan is also working in Yasir Jaswal's much awaited film Jalibee (2015) as the lead actor. He is also the 1st male host of the 12 episode realist TV show Veet Miss Supermodel 2014. 
Aaj Aari Kal Bhab|2015|Piku, a brash girl but with a heart of gold falls for Ishaan, the most eligible bachelor and heir of the wealthy Ganguly family, in this battle of egos. Piku is a golden hearted girl who always thinks for her family first and after that she thinks for herself. On the other side, Ishaan who hails from a wealthy background is very much responsible and always very positive. Ishaan lives abroad where he falls for Mishka and finally both of them arrive in Kolkata. Ishaan's grand mother Gayatri Devi was pleased with Piku and offers her a job. In the airport Piku and Ishaan met for the first time and their clashes begin. Time goes on and their classes turned into a great fight. Coincidentally due to different circumstances Piku and Ishaan get married. Piku was warmly welcomed by the whole Ganguly family except Brinda and Mishka. Ishaan and Piku don't accept each other as husband and wife. How will be Piku's life in Ganguly house? What will Brinda and Mishka plot against Piku? Will Ishaan accept Piku? 
Aaj Robibar|1999|The plot revolves around the day-to-day life of an eccentric household consisting of a man only called Dadajan ("grandpa"), his socially in-adept sons, two granddaughters, a boarder, the manservant and the maid. From the eldest son, who never got married and loves playing chess with himself, to the manservant who tries to peek through the keyhole of the former's room and gets caught and squirted with ink every time, everyone contributes to make it one comic madhouse. 
Aao Kahani Buntay Hain|2011|A strong drama series containing entirely unique and new stories every week. Sania Saeed and Nauman Ijaz are seen acting with the best ever chemistry on screen. Excellent cast with fabulous new concepts. The distinctive point of "Aao Kahani Buntay Hain" is the variety of get ups Sania and Nauman are seen wearing. This drama is known as the worth mentioning drama in the history of dramas of Pakistan. 
Aardvark: A Web Series|2011|Aardvark is a new web series about three people in their twenties living together in Los Angeles. Kate is an aspiring actress dating Nate who works at the Apple Store and is best friends with Dante who is unemployed. Aardvark takes place in real day meaning every Sunday when a new episode is released, it chronicles what the three of them did that day. Watch as Nate tries to get Dante a job, Kate auditions for a musical, the three of them go geo-caching, and Nate falls into a 'double dream'. 'Aardvark' is a brand new web series about three people in their twenties, living together and going on adventures in Los Angeles. Dante is best friends with Nate who is dating Kate who Dante has a crush on. Complications and hilarity ensue! 
Aaron Stone|2009|Sixteen-year old Charlie Landers is a legend in the online video game world. Via his avatar, Aaron Stone, Charlie is the best player in the world at the video game, Hero Rising. His life is forever changed when an eccentric billionaire recruits him to become the real life Aaron Stone, fighting real crimes with real enemies. 
Aaron's Way|1988|Aaron Miller finds out his oldest son Noah was killed in a surfing accident in California. Noah was living there at a winery with his girlfriend Susannah Lo Verde who is pregnant. Aaron attends the funeral and finds out about the baby. He then decides to move his Amish family from Pennsylvania to California to help Susannah with the winery and the baby. This means a lot of adjusting for both families after the Millers move in with Susannah. Mrs. Connie Lo Verde (Susannah's mother) and Mickey (Susannah's brother) live next door to Susannah. The baby girl is born and named Clarissa. 
Aaryaman Brahmand Ka Yoddha|2002|The series follows the story of Aryamaan (Mukesh Khanna), the warrior Prince of the human inhabited Thar Empire of the Ariyana galaxy, situated millions of light years away from Earth. Aryamaan, son of Emperor Jarant and the Emperor's second wife Queen Rasa, is the rightful heir to the throne of the Thar Empire. When Aryamaan was born, the drought-struck Ariyana experienced its first showers in many years. The distressed civilians looked up to the boy and believed that he is their Saviour and will tide them over in all adverse situations. 
Aarzu e Mann|2017|Aarzu-e-Mann is a love story set in scenic San Francisco, about a Pakistani-American girl, Samira, who is born in a wealthy and politically connected Shah family. Her falling in love with an American man with a Pakistani American background, makes things complicated, as she struggles to have her conservative and influential father embrace her choice. Being the only child of a wealthy man, other family members are also against her decision and hatch plans to ensure Samira marries within the family. Writer Zulfiqar Talpur weaves an intricate web of stories about expatriates living in the U.S., who hold on to tradition while trying to assimilate in their new homeland. 
Aashiq Biwi Ka|2009|Aashik Biwi ka brings comedy and romance together in a lovable and innovative manner. It tries to bridge the gap between different generations. It is a romantic comedy that is helped and disrupted by many forces like Neeta's (the main protagonist) mother from heaven, Yamraj and Chitragupta, and her father who has yet not reached heaven or hell. The comedy and romance with the backdrop of Yamraj twist and turn. A family has lots of ups and down in personal, family and business lives. How they face unitedly to solve problems with lots of humor. Upasna Singh who is with Yamraj and Chitragupt forces them to help her family. 
Aashna|2005|A soap serial. Shaan, an IT graduate is a jobless Romeo. Shaan loves Abeer and the love is mutual. Abeer is the daughter of a multi billionaire. Shaan gets ridiculed and rejected by Abeer's father and leaves her love and country behind, to become someone successful before he can claim her again. On the other hand Mikail is the son of a rich and greedy mother. By the time Shaan returns as a rich entrepreneur, Abeer is married to Mikail and holds misunderstanding and grudges against Shaan. Shaan knows the reality of Mikail and his mother. He wants Abeer's love back but won't play foul and won't back out too. 
Aavishkaar: Ek Rakshak|2004|Avishkaar - Ek Rakshak was a Hindi science fiction television series. This show was very popular to the Indian kids. Avishkaar - Ek Rakshak was a story of a man who knows no fear, a man who is already dead, and a man who has lost his all things. But, after his death, he had wanted to fulfill his desires to protect the innocents at any costs and to wipe crime from the earth. 
Ab 18!|2013|Life feels like a never ending summer. It is full of precious moments and future memories when four teenage girls discover Berlin at day and at night. But while they loose themselves in Berlin's vibrating party scene their friendship is put to a hard test. 10 weeks of summer is an experimental documentary project. For three years a group of girls filmed their lives with small cameras. No film crew was present at any time. The images are an unfiltered and raw account of youth life in Berlin in the present. During the project the girls send anonymous excerpts from their diaries that became the basis for the voice over narration. 10 weeks of summer is an atmospheric trip that recalls what it feels like to be young. 
Abaddon|2014|Kerry Louis White has been having one heck of a life having to deal with, oh you know, ghosts, and Demons. He started filming his move to his new house near the woods, and ever since then he has been witnessing strange occurrences all around him. He records it on his phone, and uploads it on YouTube for others to see the "Truth". Will him, his friends, and family survive? Are these paranormal occurrences just to scare him, or for some sinister plan? How long will these malevolent creatures haunt him? 
Abalone Wars|2013|The stage is set for the start of the thirty-five million dollar South Australian abalone season. Introductions to the two - three person crews based out of Port Lincoln highlight the treacherous ocean conditions, unpredictable weather and the growing risk of shark attacks that plague their working lives. But there's big money to be made for the quota owners and these hired crews if they can strike abalone. If they don't - it can mean big losses and more days battling the dangerous conditions. There's trouble from day one for hired guns, Dominic Henderson, aka "the Dominator" & his crewmate 'Skin'. Desperate to get a jump on the other crews, their planned early morning departure falls flat as one of their boat engines fail. Staring down the barrel of a big loss for the day, they pull out all stops to get on the water. Their first dive sees 'the Dominator' battle a surging underwater sandstorm in an attempt to fill their catch target. Howard Rodd and his diver Peter Clarkson, head out to an old abalone bed hoping to see growth since they were last there two years earlier. After a disappointing start to their first dive, Peter strikes abalone 'gold' and pulls a massive haul from the ocean bed before heading out to another stretch of ocean hoping to replicate their previous catch. David Buckland, aka "Bucky" and his sheller Damon are no strangers to the abalone game. But Bucky's recent investment into an expensive quota licence to fish abalone, has left him financially exposed after the global financial crash. He's a fighter, however having the weight of a huge loan and the death of his brother to a Great White Shark hanging over his head he's under huge pressure to bag a big catch on every dive. 
Abandoned|2012|This series is all about visiting abandoned and ghost towns, as well as abandoned buildings. Very well done. The shows Host is a pro skate boarder, although I don't know how famous, or whether Host is retired from professional skateboarding or not 
Abarenbou Kishi! Matsutarou|2014|Matsutaro is officially a sumo wrestler, having made his aggressive debut. But his rowdiness hasn't subsided, not one bit. When his senpais decide to throw a party for the ailing master of Raijin stable, Matsutaro is not invited; though Tanaka is invited, he decides to stay with the rejected outcast, not because he feels sorry for him, but because his master told him to keep Matsutaro out of trouble. 
Abashiri Ikka|1991|The Abashiri family are considered the greatest bandits of all Japan; even though they generally commit robberies, when provoked there is no protection or safety from them. There's the head of the family Daemon Abashiri and his four children from different wives: expert sneak-thief Goemon, muscle-man Naojiro, demolitions expert Kichiza and expert fighter Kikonosuke. But on Kikonosuke's 16th birthday, Daemon makes a shocking revelation: Kikonosuke is in fact a girl, and her late mother had requested as her last wish that she be schooled and educated to grow up a beautiful young woman to lead a normal life. Kiko reluctantly complies, and is sent to Paradise Boarding School to begin a conventional education. But when the school board of Paradise turns out to be a bunch of rapists, psychopaths and otherwise bullies, the blood of Abashiri cries out for vengeance... 
Abbey & Janice: Beauty & The Best|2007|Britain's Next Top Model star and WAG, Abbey Clancy, appears in this brand new series with the woman who put the "super" in 'supermodel' - the legendary Janice Dickinson (America's Next Top Model and The Janice Dickinson Modelling Agency). The show sees Abbey taking on modeling challenges in each episode that mirror Janice's own incredible career with the ultimate end goal of cracking America. 
Abbie Rose & the Magic Suitcase|2017|Our protagonist, Abbie Rose, is an engaging, inquisitive, adventurous, irreverent and occasionally cheeky girl who travels to faraway places through the help of a magic suitcase. Before each journey, Abbie Rose listens excitedly to her father recount his latest assignment as a globe-trotting travel writer. She wants to emulate his exploits (the series discreetly underscores the importance of a close relationship between a present, enthusiastic daddy and his daughter) - so the father encourages her to use his magic suitcase! A unique portal, the magic suitcase has a combination lock filled with letters - rather than numbers - and Abbie Rose must find the right letters to form the names of destinations she wishes to visit. She can go anywhere. She is limited only by her imagination. On her journeys, she always takes her best friend Billy - a rainbow-coloured, indeterminate cuddly toy - who provides the voice of reason on their madcap travels. In each adventure, Abbie Rose explores a new habitat or environment, usually in search of an exotic or at-risk animal she wishes to discover. Abbie Rose and Billy come to the rescue of the animal and its environment - or vice versa in many cases. And that's the fundamental difference. But through her journeys of discovery, she learns from her mistakes. Abbie Rose doesn't merely learn about unfamiliar animals and environments, she learns to co-exist. That is the subtle life lesson she always takes away with her. By the end of each story, she has made a new friend, reinforcing the need to appreciate the living world and recognise that she shares her environment. And she arrives at these conclusions through adventure, humour, irreverence, disagreement and even a little petulance. But each journey always ends on a note of enlightenment. 
Abbott & Costello|1967|This animated series followed the further adventures of the famous comedy duo, featuring Bud Abbott performing as himself (Lou Costello had died several years earlier). Most of the episodes centered around various far-fetched schemes to get rich quick, all of which inevitably failed miserably. 
Abbott Falls|2018|The Kennedy family faces unexpected events together, as a foreign exchange student moves in with them and reveals his own secrets while also uncovering deeply hidden Kennedy family secrets. They will have to learn to trust each other and depend upon their faith. 
Abby & Brittany|2012|Graduation Day is finally here! Watch Abby & Brittany practice their "moves" as they prepare to walk across the stage and receive the diplomas. But first, they'll have to finish out their student teaching assignment which involves a class of 4th-graders. 
Abby and Gabby|2013|This is where you first meet twin sister Abby and Gabby. They are complete opposites and yet, they must work together at times to solve problems. Gabby must try to convince Abby that homework is really made to help you, but Abby thinks otherwise. 
Abby|2003|Abby has a complicated life. She dumps Will, her charming, but egocentric jock boyfriend only to agree to remain roommates in order to keep their inexpensive, rent controlled apartment in San Francisco. Abby's life is further complicated by her eccentric family. Jo, her feisty and flirtatious sister has her own opinion of how Abby should live her life. By day, Abby is a fast paced TV producer of the Northwest Sports Report where she often clashes with her overbearing boss, Roger. Her best friend, Max has a secret crush on her, though he remains her faithful work ally. 
Abby's Studio Rescue|2014|Abby heads to Warwick, RI to help a struggling dance studio, but finds that the owner is missing and too anxious to even come to her own studio. With dance moms at each others' throats and a building in disrepair, will Abby be able to convince the owner to come back and take control? 
Abby's Ultimate Dance Competition|2012|It's "Diva" week and our dancers and their moms are happy to oblige. In a fierce dance version of kickball where the kids get to choose their dance styles one-by-one, leaving one unlucky dancer with the style no one else wanted. Some of the dancers choose wisely, but others find themselves on the wrong side of the biggest diva in the house--Abby Lee Miller, of course. 
Abe Burrows' Almanac|1950|Hosted by Abe Burrows, who was billed as "The bald-headed baritone from Brooklyn," and would go on to gain greater fame as a writer of Broadway musicals. This show followed a fairly casual format, with the easy-going Burrows inviting celebrities from music and film to come and talk about their lives and current projects. 
Abel's Sister|2016|A story of betrayal, seemingly unsolvable problems, and love. With her father leaving the family when she was a little girl, and her brother Abel spending most of his life in prison, Lilit cannot escape the bitter reality of her past and present. 
Abeltje|2000|A boy about 12 years old gets detention from his teacher because he got hit with a skateboard. His mother is furious with the teacher and takes her son from school to work. He finds work as a liftboy, but on the first day of his job he sees his teacher and the police at the warehouse were he works. He then presses the forbidden green button. The adventure then begins. 
Abenobashi mahÙ shÙtengai|2002|Sasshi and Arumi find themselves in what appears to be a Western-style fairytale castle, with Papan (Arumi's dad) as the King and Ms. Aki as the Queen. They ask the young kids to slay a vicious demon and they give them some gold coins to buy equipment. Unfortunately, Arumi spends all of the coins to buy an amulet and Sasshi is continuously killed and revived, because he has no weapons. However, the amulet becomes effective when they face the demon, the last boss: it makes him grow a...big bust and then explode! The demon turns into a little "oni" (demon of Japanese folklore) and the two kids ask him to bring them back home. This episode features Mune-Mune as every enemy monster Arumi and Sasshi meet. Also, first apparition of Yutas. 
Abenteuer 1927 - Sommerfrische|2005|A young woman time-travels to the Roaring Twenties. As the lady of a plush manor in Germany 1927, she entertains her guests who visit for a summer in the country. Formal etiquette is abandoned, living is easy. New technologies challenge and excite - electricity, radio, the automobile. In the cellar below, fellow time-travelers work tirelessly as housemaids and servants. Despite their status, they are of equal ability and education as 'those above'. A recipe for revolution... 
Abenteuer Leben|2000|Each German drinks about 138 liters of water a year. Can too much water kill you? Can water go bad? These and many more "water myths" will be answered in this episode with the help of German actors & celebrities Alina Bock and David Scharschmidt, who put H2O to the test at Venice Beach in Los Angeles, California. 
Aber Bergen|2016|Aber Bergen is an entertaining courtroom drama about the recently separated , but for the time being professional partners, Erik Aber and Elea Bergen. They are two of the country's sharpest defense attorneys, who together with an unorthodox team lawyers have built up a reputable law firm, where they attempt to balance professional and private as they are thrown between moral, political and legal dilemmas. 
Aberration: Into the Unknown|2018|Alien-abductee Matthew describes the incidents that happened to him when he was repeatedly taken on-board an alien spaceship, where he witnessed the grotesque experiments on human beings and cattle, and crop-circle expert Matthew Williams provides some exclusive evidence of extra-terrestrial visitors in Silbury Hill, Wiltshire. 
Abhay Charan|1996|This serial is a brief biography of one of the most prominent personalities of 20th century who changed the course of history, His Divine Grace A.C. Bhakti Vedanta Swami Srila Prabhupada, the founder Acharya of International society for Krishna Consciousness and a guru in the Brahma Madhva Gaudiya Parampara. He has dedicated his life for preaching the science of God realization through Bhakti yoga based on the scriptures like Bhagavad-Gita, Srimad Bhagavata Purana and teachings of Lord Chaitanya Mahaprabhu who is a devotee incarnation of the Lord Sri Krishna in this age of Kali. The biography includes his achievements which no one has achieved before, by preaching the greatest science of God realization to the Western world under the instruction of his Spiritual master Srila Bhakti Siddhanta Sarasvati Thakur, at the time when there was a huge hike of hippie movement in the USA, at the age of 70 years. It is an inspiring life history of a pure devotee who dispelled the notion that religion is not just a faith but a science which explains everything in and out of the world and shows the right path for the humankind how to live, how to serve and how to love. 
Abi II|2010|Abigail is the most curious girl from the South East part of Amsterdam. She runs around from apartment to apartment seeking for new adventure. Because of her curiosity sometimes she gets into trouble but Abi always find a way out of awkward situations. In the series Abi is a role model for a multicultural environment. 
Abigail|1988|Abigail is the story of a spoiled rich girl, the only daughter of a well-known businessman, beautiful and troubled, who falls in love with her literature professor at San Lazaro prep school. And so begins the odyssey of love that juggles an unfortunate marriage, a child, neglectful parents until Abigail and Carlos Alfredo are happily united. 
AbigÈl|1978|Hungary during World War II. Georgina, spoiled daughter of General Vitay is not delighted when her father takes her to a religious boarding school in a smalltown. She rebels against the strict rules of the school, alienating most of her schoolmates and tries to escape from the school. When her father visits her and learns about this, he decides to tell her why she must stay in the school: he is trying to find a way to get Hungary out of the war before it claims too many lives and he is afraid that his enemies will capture and torture her, thus blackmailing him into betray his cause. Gina agrees to stay in the school, the only place where she is safe. Suddenly she grows up under the weight placed on her shoulders. Life is hard, she often feels she is treated unjustly in the strict school, and even though she makes peace with her schoolmates, often the only "person" to whom she can turn to is a statue nicknamed AbigÈl in the school's garden; who, according to the legend, helps those who write a message and put it in the vase in her hands. No one in the school knows who's hiding behind the statue, although many students tried to find it out, and at first Gina thinks this is only a childish tradition, but when she gets a message from AbigÈl, in which "she" reveals to be her father's confidante, she starts to believe, and later, when her whereabouts are revealed to the enemy and her father is captured, only the person behind AbigÈl can help her... 
Abiola|2014|Abiola tells the story of Barbadian 15 year old Abiola Adams, who is transferred from a private secondary school to a public secondary school after her step-father is laid off. Abiola is a told from the perspective of an adult Abiola 20 years after the fact and depicts Abiola's social and family life as she navigates the awkward years of adolescence. 
Ablutionary Rite|2015|There are millions of people who are confused by the many different branches of Christ and require direction. The goal of Ablutionary Rite is to provide explanations of the similarities and differences between Non-Denominational, Catholic, Mennonite, Presbyterian, Lutheran, Orthodox, Protestant, Methodist, Mormon, 7th day Adventist, Jehovah Witness, Baptist, and other Christian ministries to help people who seek direction and also to help bring them closer to Christ. To achieve this goal, the makers of this documentary reached out to a number of pastors and theologians and conducted interviews. They asked several questions that were pertaining to ministry, inclusiveness, service, and interfaith work. Ablutionary Rite is one of am upcoming series of films profiling individuals from different religious traditions, geographic locations, ethnic identities and generations as they practice their faith is also in the works. It is the intention of these series to act as a supplement to each denomination's beliefs. 
Abnaa Al Rashid|2006|The series touches on the renowned Abbasid caliph Harun Al Rashid's perplexity over who of his two sons he should choose as his successor: Muhammad bin Harun (Al Amin), whose mother is Zubaidah, Al Rashid's cousin, and who is the descendant of the Abbasid family or Abdullah bin Al Rashid (Al Maamun) who is highly educated, wise and an outstanding administrator? Torn by indecision, Al Rashid is finally advised by his minster to appoint Al Amin as his successor to be followed by his brother Al Maamun and so it was! The historical period addressed in the series is rich in details and political vicissitudes shaped by the contradictions inherent in Harun Al Rashid's character, which put his beloved sons in a conflict that had different meanings and causes and became characteristic of that period. That conflict became a lesson to learn from and spun an exciting and intriguing story that rivals in its greatness the famous fairy tales of "A Thousand Nights and a Night"! 
Abonent vremenno nedostupen|2009|Lana has everything a woman needs: a family, children, and business. But her husband's betrayal turns everything upside down. A deep depression results in amnesia. Consequently, a young woman founds herself in an unknown family and is mistaken... Meanwhile, her husband deprives her of everything she has had. Will Lana accept this new life or arise from the dead? Will she forgive her husband's betrayal or find a new love? 
About Abby|2010|A cock-eyed optimist searches for love in the cold world of Los Angeles. After dating her high school sweetheart for five years, Abby finds herself single and still filled with the perhaps naive hopes of young girl. Supported by her two more realistic best friends Micah & Caroline, Abby begins her undying quest to find true love...and maybe a little fun too. 
About Faces|1960|Alexander introduces the game, basically "Place The Face" with a new name. Guest Zsa Zsa has to guess the face of a man who she wrote a letter to, who turns out to be her milkman. Guest Wrongway Corrigan's face is guessed by audience members after lots of obvious clues. 
About Him 2: The Revolution|2017|Dustin (Gary LaVard, About Him Season 1) and Armani are caught completely off guard when they witness the gay bashing of a student, on their college campus in the mid 80s. When the college dean and city Mayor choose to look the other way; the budding Gay Rights group on campus decides to take matters into their own hands. What happens next will both break your heart and heal your spirit at the same time. 
About Him|2016|All of Damien's focus is on him. Every thought. Every action. Is all about him. His touch. His kiss. His tongue. But Damien's focus alters as he leaves home for the first time with little knowledge of how to manage what he's feeling on the inside. His father and older brother blind to his sexuality, like most, Damien must learn the ways of the gay life with little guidance. The drama. The sex. The regrets. But there's always a way out. There's always him. 
About Him: Freshman Year|2017|There's no denying that it's all about him Damien. After experiencing his first encounter with heartbreak Damien dives into the chaotic world of college life. Damien stumbles around campus like the other lost freshmen doing his best to keep his eyes glued to his books and off of shirtless jocks, frat-boys, and handsome intellectuals. But Damien's level of discipline may prove to be no match for the ways of a manipulate college senior who threatens to establish a degrading reputation for the freshmen. Damien's cousin Kendall begins his own journey of self-discovery. Kendall not only reconnects with himself, but with a love from his past - a cute church boy. It's a forbidden love that may require Kendall turning his back on the person who has aided him in keeping his sexuality secret from friends, family, and their church for years - his mother. 
About Life and Death|2005|Six Israeli public figures participate in this gripping documentary series touching upon substantial questions, which worry us all. Each one of them, at his/her turn, departs for an experimental journey, which suggests a variety of moving, sometimes amusing, always inspiring encounters. In each episode we are introduced to a gallery of colorful characters who obsessively engage themselves with the question of unavoidability of death. The mentor of the series is Psychology professor, Carlo Strenger, who drives the participants throughout Israel, as they discuss with him what they have encountered. The "psychologist-chauffer" is also the one who meets the whole group at the final episode to try and figure out together what kind of insights they now share. 
About Religion|1958|The story of Mother Maria, a Paris based white Russian nun who sacrificed her life helping Jews during the German occupation. Her last days were spent in the Ravensbruck concentration camp where she took the place of another prisoner heading for the gas chamber four days before liberation. 
About That Life|2016|When socialite Zen Richards blows through the trust fund left to her by her deceased celebrity parents, she turns to her only remaining friend to help her manage. Fire, New York City's premiere night club promoter, agrees to move in with Zen not only out of the goodness of his heart, but also because he too, is in the midst of a major financial disaster. Even though his events are more popular than ever, a weekly pay out to the silent partners who helped him start his business is bleeding him dry. Knowing that they need an additional stream of income to keep Zen's estate afloat, Fire rents out the first floor apartment, which were previously the servants' quarters. Zen and Fire's new tenants, Ally, Jalina and Cal are all making ends meet working in New York's hottest spots at night while pursuing their true passions during the day. In addition to managing their own drama, they are also privy to the salacious secrets of the rich and famous party goers they serve as well as the grimy underbelly of the nightlife world. The people they encounter and the information they acquire could make or break them. 
About Tonight|2015|Filmed weekly from the C31 studios! Each week, a brand new host. Each week, a very different show. We're giving the late night studio keys to some of Australia's best up and coming comics to do with as they please. Who knows what will happen? Featuring hosts Tegan Higginbotham, Aunty Donna, Becky Lucas, Jonathan Schuster, Daniel Burt, Dilruk Jayasinha, Suren Jayemanne, Michael Hing, The Axis Of Awesome and heaps more! 
About Us|2003|In a single moment, the United States vaulted itself into World War II following the attacks of Pearl Harbor on Sunday, December 7, 1941. The semblance of measured serenity and daily life dissolved, and suddenly America shifted itself into the mindset of a nation attacked, a nation at war. But behind the pure strains of patriotism loomed a different conflict. Struggling to identify its allies and opponents, the U.S. Government incarcerated Pacific Coast Japanese-American citizens in internment camps - a decision that has been questioned and hotly debated in the 60-some years since WWII. Here are the personal stories of Japanese-Americans in the Pacific Northwest who were affected by internment and military service in WWII. Featuring exclusive interviews with survivors of this historic event, archival footage of WWII and the critical insights of recognized historians, "IN TIME OF WAR" tells the intimate stories of Japanese-Americans living the legacy of war. 
About a Boy|2014|Will Freeman lives a charmed existence. After writing a hit song, he was granted a life of free time, free love and freedom from financial woes. He's single, unemployed and loving it. So imagine his surprise when Fiona, a needy single mom and her oddly charming 11-year-old son, Marcus, move in next door and disrupt his perfect world. When Marcus begins dropping by his home unannounced, Will's not so sure about being a kid's new best friend, until, of course, Will discovers that women find single dads irresistible. That changes everything and a deal is struck: Marcus will pretend to be Will's son and, in return, Marcus is allowed to chill at Will's house, play ping-pong and gorge on steaks, something his very vegan mom would never allow. Before he realizes it, Will starts to enjoy the visits and even finds himself looking out for the kid. In fact, this newfound friendship may very well teach him a thing or two that he never imagined possible - about himself and caring for others. Will Freeman lives a charmed existence. After writing a hit song, he was granted a life of free time, free love and freedom from financial woes. He's single, unemployed and loving it. So imagine his surprise when Fiona, a needy single mom and her oddly charming 11-year-old son, Marcus, move in next door and disrupt his perfect world. When Marcus begins dropping by his home unannounced, Will's not so sure about being a kid's new best friend, until, of course, Will discovers that women find single dads irresistible. That changes everything and a deal is struck: Marcus will pretend to be Will's son and, in return, Marcus is allowed to chill at Will's house, play ping-pong and gorge on ribs, something his very vegan mom would never allow. Before he realizes it, Will starts to enjoy the visits and even finds himself looking out for the kid. In fact, this newfound friendship may very well teach him a thing or two that he never imagined possible - about himself and caring for others. 
About a Girl|2007|About a Girl centers around Amy Ryan, a college student who moves into a house off-campus when her dorm room turns out to be unacceptable. However, her new roommates are four guys. Things are not always smooth as she tries to either adjust to or change their habits and wrestles with her unrequited attraction to one of them. 
Above Santa Barbara|2010|Experience the captivating beauty of the Santa Barbara region from the air. Shot in high-definition from a helicopter, the film sweeps across the county and reveals, as never seen before, its breathtaking landscape and coastline. The narration brings historical highlights to life. The original music score is sublime. 
Above Suspicion|2009|Young Detective Constable Anna Travis joins the team led by D.C.I. Langton to investigate a series of gruesome murders of young women, which first began eight years previously. All the victims were prostitutes and all killed in the same way. Then a seventh body is found but this is the corpse of a student, though a vital piece of evidence links her death to the others, involving a house in Manchester where Alan Daniels, a popular young actor, grew up. Anna goes undercover to get to know him better but finds herself getting emotionally involved. DI Anna Travis reunited with DCS James Langton as they investigate the fatal shooting of Frank Brandon, an ex-police officer from the drug squad, whose body is found in a drug dealer s squat. Travis begins to uncover suspicious links between Brandon and the notorious drug-trafficker, Alexander Fitzpatrick, one of the most wanted men in the Western world who has eluded arrest for 20 years and has not been sighted until now. No one involved with the case can be trusted; witnesses, suspects, victims all appear to be lying. What can be so precious, valued, loved, that it s worth dying for? The answer lies behind a Deadly Intent. 
Above the Line|2008|A show about the exploits of a group of actors as they attempt to make it in Show business. With a ton of celebrity cameos, this series follows comic Steve Paris as he comes back to his home town to shoot a sitcom with him as the lead. 
AboveGround|2014|AboveGround is a dramatic anthology series that revolves around Hot Music Producer, Bill T. (Darren Anthony Thomas) and his ultimate quest to find the best Independent Musical Artist that the LA music scene has to offer to appear on his television show, titled AboveGround. 
Abracadabra|2012|DUK is afraid of water because he doesn't know if he can swim. Everyone shares their fears as they try to help DUK. We learn that everyone is afraid of something. We need to face our fears and it might turn out that there was nothing to fear after all. 
Abracadavers|2016|Chris is a student whose mother dies in an untimely freak hair salon chair accident. Three years later, Chris is still struggling to cope with the loss, developing compulsive behaviours as well as an unhealthy attachment the the salon chair responsible for his mother's death. When Chris begins making claims about superhuman powers, his friends fear the worst. Hoping to help him move past his grief, they hatch a plan to stage an intervention, but they aren't the only ones interested in Chris' new 'abilities'. 
Abraham|1993|The Old Testament story of Abraham and the trials he endures. Commanded by God to lead his family to the promised land of Canaan with the promise that if he does so, his descendants will become a great and numerous tribe. His obedience, as well as that of his children and grandchildren, is severely tested as they prove their faith to God. The first chapter in the story of Salvation. Rather than choosing a great leader or king, God chooses Abraham, an elderly shepherd from Mesopotamia, as the way to establish his Covenant with mankind ... Abraham is a man of great faith. After his calling he continues to believe in God even when He seems to have abandoned him. For Abraham, God's greatest promise is that his family will continue through the line of Isaac, Abraham's favourite son. However God presents him with a tremendous test by asking him to sacrifice of Isaac. Is Abraham willing to put God first? Even before the life of his son? 
Abr·zame muy fuerte|2000|Cristina is a beautiful young woman with a powerful father. She falls in love with a simple worker at her hacienda and gets pregnant. Her father does everything he can to separate the lovers and gives the child to Raquel, a maid at the hacienda. Years pass and a blind Cristina is married to a powerful Federico, her daughter Maria del Carmen a beautiful woman. A young doctor by the name of Jose Manuel arrives to town and catches Maria del Carmens attention. But Federico, Jose Manuels uncle, is also infatuated with the young girl and does everything in his power to separate them. 
Absentia|2017|She disappeared. No one heard from her for six years. No one knows what happened to her, not even her. An FBI Agent tracking a Boston serial killer vanishes, and is declared dead. Six years later, she is found in a cabin in the woods, with no memory of what happened during the time she went missing. She comes back to a husband who has remarried, and whose wife is raising her son. She will have to navigate in her new reality, and she will soon find herself implicated in a new series of murders. Presumed to have fallen victim to a suspected serial killer she was investigating, FBI agent Emily Byrne (Stana Katic) is found alive six years after her disappearance. Suffering from almost complete amnesia of her time in captivity, Emily faces the daunting task of searching for answers as to who held her and why, while trying to reconnect with a family that has started a new life without her. Emily finds some emotional success in reconnecting with her family and friends after such a long absence but her quest for answers related to her captivity is a minefield of challenges, which threaten to destroy the life she is rebuilding. Fearful of the threat these challenges pose to her family's safety she distances herself from them and like a lone wolf takes off in her hunt for answers where she discovers along the way that you can never outrun your shadows, no matter how fast or hard you try. 
Absolute Duo|2015|Tooru Kokonoe is one of the persons who can activate Blaze - the materialization of the soul becoming a weapon. By a rare reason, the Blaze of Tooru is not a weapon but a shield. Tooru enters an academy to learn about combat skills. At the end he finish living with a beautiful silver hair girl. 
Absolute Power|2003|With spin doctors ery much in the spotlight of late, this TV adaption of the BBC radio series could hardly have picked a better time to rear its head. The show centres around the workings of Prentiss McCabe, a PR agency whose offices play host to a succession of minor celebrities, politicians and high-up businessmen who all need photo-shoots arranging and soundbites composing. Ethics are not a priority; the firm's staff will lie, cheat and possibly steal as long as it makes their clients look good. Comedy set in the offices of Prentiss McCabe, a fictional public relations company in London's Soho, run by Charles Prentiss, and Martin McCabe. It has been created by Mark Tavener and is based on his earlier satirical radio shows like 'In the Red'. 'Absolute Power' started in 2000 as a Radio series on BBC Radio 4. In 2003 it became a television series. The staff of Prentiss McCabe consists besides Fry and Bird of Jamie Front, Alison Jackman, Cat Durnford and Nick Mayer. While Jamie is a brilliant liar and naturally devious, Alison is very intelligent but too honest. Charles Prentiss said of her, "Most of the young people here at Prentiss McCabe don't know their arse from their elbow, but with Alison you know she'll join the Royal Arse Society and get a book about elbows from the library." Cat is a young party girl and Nick Charles' PA. Notable cameo roles have included: Fern Britton, Angus Deayton, Huw Edwards, Gareth Hunt, Mark Lawson, Dermot Murnaghan, Anneka Rice, Phillip Schofield, Ray Stubbs, Anthea Turner, Kirsty Wark. Absolute Power was a big success, mainly due to good acting and very funny story lines. It is compared to other shows like "Yes, Minister!". 
Absolute X|2012|This original series was Directed by Clinton Colin Graham Walker and was filmed on location throughout the US capturing some amazing, never before seen action sports content. Absolute X features the following sports: surfing, skiing, snowmobile, snowboard, kite board, wake board, jet skiing, motor-cross, BMX, skateboarding, and wake surfing. Absolute X is shot in (HD) High-Definition. This fun youth sports series is narrated with a light and witty voice actor and is formatted for all audience types. Absolute X was distributed by Marker Entertainment, Directed by Clinton Graham Walker and edited by Cory Sparkuhl. 
Absolutely Fabulous|1992|Edina Monsoon and her best friend Patsy drive Eddie's sensible daughter, Saffron, up the wall with their constant drug abuse and outrageous selfishness. 
Abstract: The Art of Design|2017|Bjarke Ingels, a danish architect, takes us in a journey through the early work of his ostentatiously creative (and often controversial) career, for which he's earned global recognition; so far that today, besides his fresh contemporary contribution to Danish Architecture, he is innovating throughout the world with countless bold projects. 
Absurd Fights|2008|Absurd Fights is a web series all about comedic, yet incredible, fight scenes. Each episode delivers a new location with two opponents pitted against each other: one with conventional weapons, and the other with something absurd such as toys, duct tape, or appliances. What ensues is a strangely practical fighting use for the absurd weapons. 
AbsurdTV Show|2015|The CEO realizes someone has been messing with his desk. The Bachelor Party begins, hilarity ensues, an eye almost gets poked, and it all ends with a banana. Will you ever look at a Bachelor Party the same way again... especially when a stripper is involved. 
Abu Ja'afar Al-Mansur|2008|The story takes place during the second half of the Umayyad Period and at the outset of the Abbasid Caliphate up to the time of its actual founder, Abu Jaafar Al Mansur. It recounts the progression of events inside the Umayyads' house, starting from the time of Omar bin Abdul Aziz until the time of their last Caliph, Marwan bin Muhammad bin Marwan. It also traces the life of the Abbasids in Al Hamima, Abu Jaafar's birthplace, since the time of his grandfather, Ali bin Abdullah bin Abbas, who started Al Dawah (call to Islam) secretly, until the time has come for his brother, Ibrahim bin Muhammad bin Ali bin Abdullah bin Abbas, to declare Al Dawah publicly and order his general Abu Muslim Al Khurasani to lead the Abbasids' army. The story proceeds until Abu Jaafar Al Mansur comes into power and rules the Muslim world for 20 years from 137H until 157H. We can't talk about the Arab-Islamic history without making reference to the Abbasid State and its first founders, whom the most prominent of is Abu Jaafar Al Mansur, and who is considered its founder and builder of its glory and honor and its capital city, Baghdad. His life was full of extraordinary events overlooked by history scholars and researchers, so it was necessary to have an artistic vision to capture the paradox along with the pressing needs and hard work that combined in an exciting and interesting way in his life as both a man and an outstanding statesman. 
Academy Theatre|1949|Started as a summer substitution program for the "Chevrolet on Broadway" series. This program, produced by Amherst dramatics professor Curtis Canfield featured relative unknowns performing in thirty-minute stage productions of works by such well-known authors and playwrights as Thornton Wilder and Robert Finch. 
Acapulco Bay|1995|Greedy and power hungry Max Hauser (Ash Adams) assumes his step brother's identity and tricks his unsuspecting girlfriend Rachel Swanson(Raquel Gardner) to a civil marriage, in the hope that after Tony's death, he will inherit his vast wealth through Rachel, who the family assumed is Tony's widow. Rachel however refused to go with the plan and Max blackmails her to keep posing as Tony's wife. But things become very complicated for Max. His step brother Tony Stockdail (Anthony Newman) was the only survivor of the helicopter crash Max and his accomplice orchestrated and is puzzled on getting home to find a woman claiming to be his wife. Rachel eventually tells Tony the truth and they fall in love. From then on, Max's mission is to make Tony and Rachel's lives a living hell. 
Acapulco H.E.A.T.|1993|Ashley, formerly of MI6, and Mike Savage, formerly of the CIA, are co-leaders of the H.E.A.T. team, a group of specialists recruited to fight a secret war against international terrorism. Based in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, the team operates throughout the Caribbean and around the world behind the unlikely cover of being the owners and models for a fashion company specializing in beach wear. 
Acapulco|1961|Patrick Malone and Gregg Miles were Korean-war buddies who "retired" to a life as beachcombers in Acapulco. When they weren't lounging around or chasing women, they worked as bodyguards for Mr. Carver. Carver was retired from a long career as a crusading criminal lawyer and he was frequently threatened by enemies from his past. 
Acayip hikayeler|2012|Ergun's day goes all wrong and on the top of it he comes across with a man who has obsessive compulsive disorder is very jealous about his Russian girlfriend Olga. This man thinks that Ergun has looked at his girlfriend that is why this man abducts him with a gun to make Ergun to prove that his girlfriend is much more beautiful than Olga. 
Accardo|2018|A visionary unlike anyone else and narrated from Tony "Big Tuna" Accardo's Point of view, this series will follow the birth of the Chicago Mob as young Al Capone begins his ventures into bootlegging and becoming the most notorious Mob Boss in Chicago. From his start as Capone's best friend /Bodyguard and Enforcer, Accardo's role in the Chicago mob sees him navigate through prohibition to helping elect Kennedy, Ventures in Las Vegas and beyond. 
Accel World|2012|Haruyuki is an overweight kid and at the bottom of the food chain at his middle school. Within the sci-fi setting of the real world he often seeks refuge in a virtual one. One day however his life changes when he is given an opportunity by the prettiest girl in the school no less, to integrate the two by means of a program called accelerated world (Brain Bust). There is a catch however, in order to keep this add-on he must score points by fighting others within the realm of this new virtual world. 
Accent on an American Summer|1962|Host John Ciardi invites viewers to come on a guided tour of some of America's best vacation spots and points of natural beauty and historical interest. The locations chosen for the show included such popular tourist destinaions as Yellowstone National Park and the Grand Canyon, and also some lesser-known events like the American Shakespeare Festival. 
Acceptable Risk|2017|When her husband, Lee, is murdered, Sarah Manning comes to realize that she knows nothing about his past. Sarah begins to question who Lee actually was and what he did in his work for a powerful global organization. And why did Lee, a salesman, need to carry a gun? 
Acceptable TV|2007|A weekly comedy show that screens a series of shortform videos. Each episode, viewers vote on their favorites, and the top vote-getter returns the with a follow-up short while the losers are canceled. The goal is for creators to keep their project in circulation the longest. 
Access 360∞ World Heritage|2012|The battle is on to beat back the furies of nature and man that threaten to destroy Indonesia's most visited monument: Borobudur. This ancient temple and UNESCO World Heritage site sits on the ring of fire, with earthquakes erupting below and an active volcano spewing ash just 27 kilometers away. A holy site for Buddhists, Borobudur has even been attacked by Muslim radicals, who set off bombs inside its sacred stupas. On the front line in the battle: a man who has rescued the temple from the bombs AND the volcano. He works tirelessly today to protect it from nature's onslaught. With National Geographic cameras following him, he restores one of Borobudur's priceless stone statues, a 1200-year-old image of Buddha. 
Access America|1990|Among the footage featured in the December 1, 1991 episode: the classic sketch "French Lesson," taken from Gary Theroux's cult comedy-variety series "Cavalcade." In the sketch, the Kreetins attempt to learn French from an audio cassette playing in a deck with an ever weakening battery. Although only 16 half-hour episodes were produced, "Cavalcade" - a mad mix of puns, pies, puppets and pandemonium - became a cable staple in some markets. In Manhattan, those 16 episodes (plus a "best of") were rerun over and over for ten years! 
Access Hollywood Live|2010|"Access Hollywood Live" is a nationally syndicated daily entertainment news program. "Access Hollywood Live" delivers the most comprehensive coverage of entertainment news and personalities on television, featuring in-depth celebrity interviews and behind-the-scenes accounts of the most important events in Hollywood. Billy Bush and Kit Hoover co-host. 
Access Hollywood|1996|Everybody wants to know more about the lives of their favorite celebrities, and this program provides all the news they could ask for. Following the ups and downs in the careers of Hollywood's top stars, viewers are given an up-close look at both the successes and the scandals. 
Access Sportsnet: Los Angeles|2012|Access Sportsnet delivers comprehensive coverage of the Lakers, Dodgers, LA Galaxy and LA Sparks. It highlights Time Warner Sportsnet's signature behind-the-scenes access and provide Lakers, Dodgers, Galaxy and Sparks fans with the latest information, updates and team features. 
Access: Middle East|2012|Once a desert emirate, Dubai has transformed itself into one of the world's top luxury holiday hotspots. Despite being a Muslim country, Dubai has one of the hottest nightclub scenes. CNBC looks at how the country operates its nightlife. Plus, Dubai's police supercars can be seen patrolling the streets of the emirate. Here's how they deal with tourists who break the law. 
Accessibility in Action|2011|Host Joanne Smith welcomes an audiologist with advice on new hearing aids. Also, a feature story on Wheelchair Rugby from St. Thomas, Ontario and an amazing demonstration of food preparation by a deaf/blind guest from the Canadian Helen Keller Centre. 
Accidental Family|1967|Nightclub comedian Jerry Webster was a widower with a small son, Sandy. He purchased a farm in the San Fernando Valley to be a base of operations for him and a home for Sandy. The farm was managed by divorce Sue Kramer who served as governess for Sandy and romantic foil for Jerry. 
Accidental Tourist|2009|The first impression is many times the most important one. How does Israel seem to a first time visitor? Accidental Tourist offers a unique opportunity to experience Israel from the initial perspective of uninvolved tourists. Seven episodes, seven different first timers in Israel, provide unique, funny, weird, surprising, and special points of view of their first impressions of a country that is always in the headlines, but is seldom shown in its day to day reality. 
Accidentally on Purpose|2009|Billie, a woman in her 30's, wants to settle down and have a family. When she tells her boyfriend James this, he tells her he doesn't want that, so they break up. She gets drunk and hooks up with a guy named Zack. Upon discovering that she's pregnant, he moves in to try and help her. 
According to G.H.|2016|G.H. is a woman with a plan: to clean and organize the room her maid just left vacant. In trying to do so, she encounters a cockroach which causes a meltdown. Looking to understand how she entered the room to discover herself by becoming one with the near death cockroach she just slammed, G.H. goes into a deep journey while drinking her morning coffee and explaining herself to an imaginary listener. 
According to Him + Her|2014|Delves into topics involving marriage, friendship, dating and sex to see how opinions can be so different from male and female perspectives. Features guest commentators including comics, relationships professionals and celebrities who are asked a series of questions by the hosts. 
According to Jim|2001|Jim tells Cheryl she is making a big deal of Ruby doing homework. Cheryl tells him that he should try it. Since Jim does not want to, he talks to Ruby's teacher to give less homework because Cheryl cannot read. His story gets back to Cheryl. 
Accused|1958|A prime-time version of the popular daytime show, "Day in Court." America's fascination with what goes on inside the courtroom goes back way before Court TV and The People's Court were on the air. This program provided viewers with as realistic a look as possible at how real trials are conducted and decided. Re-enactments of actual cases were used, with real attourneys making their arguments in front of real judges. Only the defendants and witnesses were actors. 
Ace Crawford... Private Eye|1983|This series was Sam Spade played for broad comedy. Ace Crawford was an incompetent gumshoe whose reputation as an ace detective was maintained by a progression of wild accidents and dumb luck. He was assisted by Toomey, a CPA who truly believed his mystique. Ace's favorite hangout was a wharfside bar run by Inch, mainly because his romantic foil, Luana, was a singer there. 
Ace Lightning|2002|Combining live-action and CGI animation, this groundbreaking action/comedy follows the adventures of thirteen-year-old Mark Hollander (Played by British actor Tom Wansey). Newly arrived in North America from England, Mark is playing his favorite video game "Ace Lightning and the Carnival of Doom" when he discovers a level that shouldn't exist. While exploring the level, lightning strikes his house and electricity courses through his computer, bringing the game's characters to life. Believing the real world is another level of the video game, Ace Lightning (Played by Michael Riley) enlists Mark to help him defeat Lord Fear and find the missing pieces of the magical Amulet of Zoar. All the while, Mark tries to juggle living a normal life of school, family and friends. Mark's first North American friend is the school doormat and Ace Lightning expert Chuck Mugel(Played by Marc Minardi). Mark's love interest is Samantha Thompson(Played by Shadia Simmons). 
Ace Ventura: Pet Detective|1995|The completely-bonkers Ace Ventura continues to tackle cases involving stolen or missing animals, usually arriving at the solutions by pure fluke as he blunders his way through the facts in his inimitable way. 
Ace of Cakes|2006|The crew make a USO cake for a USO gala, then take it to Fort Myers; also an interactive crossword puzzle cake for a gay couple's wedding and a Grecian pottery cake chosen by the groom, surprising his bride. Duff plays a clown in an indie film. 
Ace of Wands|1970|When one of Mr Sweet's university colleagues, Professor Dorian, disappears, Tarot and his companions follow a trail which leads to a bizarre doll's hospital run by the eccentric Mama Doc. With her accomplice Bobby, the woman turns real people into dolls. 
Ach, ty vrazdy!|2010|Detective stories full of suspense and disguises, peppered with humor The central characters of the plots of all the five episodes are the retired lawyer Kveta Kalendov· and her twenty-seven-year old grandson Kamil, officer of the criminal police. Kamil is bedeviled by bad luck and as a result constantly in danger of being dismissed from the police ranks. And each time it is his grandmother who helps him to track down the villain and thus keep his job ... at least till the beginning of the next episode. Grandmother Kalendov· is an amateur actress and therefore has access to all sorts of costumes, which she uses as a disguise when sneaking unnoticed into the environment in which the respective crime was perpetrated. 
Achar!|2004|Vincent is jealous of Rosalind's dance instructor and gets Uma to take dance lessons with him to keep an eye on Rosalind. Stephanie says no when Owen wants her to give a dinner party for a woman he is trying to impress, so he talks Ajay into hosting the party. 
Achieving the Glow|2003|A five-part rather tongue-in-cheek series that tries to explain what is 'the Glow' and how do you go about achieving it. Part 1 is called "Achieving the Glow with Gamers". Host Adam West introduces the concept of "The Glow," and real-life gamers explain how they tackle the five steps to elevated gamer consciousness. Featured gamer Tory Mell visits "Crazy Gideon's" to fulfill the first step to Glow achievement: Get the Gear. Part 2 is called "Achieving the Glow with Musicians". Busta Rhymes, Andrew W.K., Soup and Marc 7 from Jurassic 5, John Dolmayan from System of a Down and Robbie Merrill from Godsmack are just some of the musicians who are feelin' The Glow. Also: featured gamer Tory Mell consults with a Feng Shui expert in an effort to master the second step to Glow achievement: Prepare the Environment. Part 3 is called "Achieving the Glow with Actors". Some of the actors working on their inner gamer: Brian Posehn ("Just Shoot Me"), who says he gets ready for gaming by drinking lots of water; Ray Park (Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace), who likes to situate himself just so in front of the TV; Kadeem Hardison (Biker Boyz), who likes to crank his speakers way up, and Brian Heidik ("Survivor") who says he plays to make other people mad. Stay tuned as featured gamer Tory Mell levels up with fitness guru Tony Little on the Gazelle machine to master the oh-so-important third step to getting that gaming Glow: Prepare the Body and Mind. Part 4 is called "Achieving the Glow with Athletes". The history of "The Glow" is recounted and we discover how athletes strive to Achieve the Glow. The five steps to Glow achievement are discussed in detail. The show follows featured gamer Tory Mell as he tackles the fourth step: Play to Win. Part 5 is called "Achieving the Glow with Game Developers". In which, again, the history of "The Glow" is recounted and we discover how game developers strive to Achieve the Glow. The five steps to Glow achievement are, again, discussed in detail. The show follows featured gamer Tory Mell as he finally reaches the fifth step: Enlightenment. 
Achuvindem Kichuvindem Ponnonam|2013|This 2D animated video is truly about the unique traditions, beliefs and customs pertaining to Onam. Through an affectionate conversation between Achu, Kichu and their grandfather and rhythmic onam songs in between, the video delightfully unveils the legend and the rituals related to the ten day long celebration. 
Aci Hayat|2005|Mehmet and Nermin are desperately in love with each other. Both are living in the suburbs of Istanbul, trying to stay one step ahead of poverty by working harder each day. Their only aim is to get married and have a nice home. While Mehmet works as a welder in a shipyard, Nermin is a manicurist in one of the well known coiffeurs. But no matter how hard they try, they just never earn enough money to realize their dream. Ender, one of Istanbul's playboys sees Nermin and falls in love with her. Nermin, not being able to realise her dreams, gets upset, drunk and makes the biggest mistake of her life and spends the night with Ender. She has no other choice than to marry him. She leaves her old poor life and her only real love behind and starts a new life in richness with Ender. 
Acil Ask Araniyor|2015|A young doctor named Nisan moves to Istanbul, but she doesn't know that the doctor she is gonna be working with is living in the same building as her. As the story goes on their friendship as well as their love grows. Although Nisan is unbearable sometimes, Sinan sees the good in her and falls in love. 
Ack V‰rmland|2015|Swedish comedy mini-series about a family where mother and daughter find out that they are pregnant at the same time. The series is set in Molkom, a rural community in the heart of Swedish V‰rmland, far from the hustle and bustle of big city life. 
Ackley Bridge|2017|Two segregated schools, one for whites, the other Asian, combine to form Ackley Bridge college, under headmistress Mandy Carter, with her partner Steve Bell the games master and local businessman Sadiq Nawan its sponsor. Disruptive pupil Jordan Wilson causes trouble with racist jibes whilst the lack of integration is obvious when the boys choose from their own ethnic groups for the football sides. Unconventional English teacher Emma Keane is pleased to re-encounter old flame Sami Quereshi, the liaison officer but less so when her daughter Chloe arrives after falling out with Emma's ex-husband and a row between them leads to Chloe posting topless pictures of her mother online. Student Missy Booth falls out with best friend Nas after Missy's drunken mother Simone turns up at the school and Steve, taunted by Jordan over his suspicion that Mandy and Sadiq are having an affair, hits him. All in all an eventful first day - for the wrong reasons. 
Acquisitions Incorporated: The C Team|2017|Acquisitions Incorporated serves up locally-sourced adventure from convenient franchise locations across Faer˚n. Their adventures began in 2007 with a podcast of three friends playing D&D, and inexplicably progressed to live games on-stage before thousands of audience members at PAX. 
Acquisitions Incorporated: The Series|2016|Acquisitions Incorporated serves up locally-sourced adventure from convenient franchise locations across Faer˚n. Their adventures began in 2007 with a podcast of three friends playing D&D, and inexplicably progressed to live games on-stage before thousands of audience members at PAX. 
Across America|2003|'Queens of the Roller Derby' was an all-access look at the Texas Rollergirls all-women roller derby league in Austin, Texas, shot in High Definition. This groundbreaking, skater-owned league has been among the forerunners of the womens roller derby movement now sweeping the nation. The Texas Rollergirls were later the inspiration for an episode of 'King of The Hill'. 
Across Indiana|1988|"Across Indiana" takes the viewer back to the end of World War II and the torpedoing of the USS Indianapolis. The viewer sees interviews with a survivor and with a rescue pilot, and learns of the efforts of veterans to have a memorial built. Next is a story on the Sandhill Crane, a bird that makes an annual autumn visit to Indiana. "Midwest Moment" introduces the viewer to the bottle collector, Arty McBride. Michael Atwood, the host, interviews Martin Krause, the curator of the Indianapolis Museum of Art, on the 19th-century Hoosier painters who studied in Germany. Finally, the viewer visits a small town that can't make up its mind: the road sign says "Carrollton or Finly." It turns out the town also has three additional names, including one memorialized by James Whitcomb Riley in his poem, "The Little Town o' Tailholt." 
Across the Ocean to See You|2017|Su Mang ('Likun Wang' (qv)) works overseas as an executive for MG, a global tourism company. When her attempts to have a child fail and her marriage to her philandering husband ends in divorce, Su Mang transfers to the company's headquarters in Shanghai as a director. 
Across the River to Motor City|2007|November 22, 1963 - A motorcade rounds a corner - a muzzle flashes into history and nothing will ever be the same. Not for Ben Ford, not for anyone. Camelot is dead. On that fateful day, Ben's love, Katie, disappears after a flight from Dallas. From quiet, industrious Windsor to the decaying giant, Detroit, he searches for answers that draw him deeper into a world of deceit and violence. A world that reflects his inner turmoil; "Who killed Katie?" Forty years later, the remains of two bodies are found. Ben is a broken old man with a grown daughter he barely knows. The police are at his door. He is the prime suspect in Katie's murder. Only he knows the truth and is willing to take it to his grave but the specter of his past finds new life, threatening to destroy his daughter and her family. The events of his life unfold in back alleys and bars, crossing the paths of ruthless mobsters and helpless victims. In his search for justice, Ben is swept into a conspiracy that shaped the modern world. The ashes of his youth are scattered across the river to Motor City. History's not done yet. Not with Ben, his family, any of us. Whether it's November 1963 or today - the river of history can always change course. Whether you go with the current - or get pulled under - that's a lesson for a lifetime. 
Act of Will|1989|Three beautiful women - grandmother, mother and daughter - struggle bravely through five eventful decades of hidden love, high drama and sudden death in this British production, based on Barbara Taylor Bradford's bestseller, Act of Will. Moving from 1926 to the present, from the Yorkshire Dales to London, Paris and New York, this tale shows how each of the three women committed an act of will that changes their life and world. 
Act-Anon|2013|Gio loves his beautiful, talented and sexy wife Claire. Claire, a professionally trained actress, is making head way in Los Angeles through any role she can get, a concept lost on Gio who believes that with training it shouldn't be hard. His sometimes errant remarks about the industry have caused friction with Claire and have led him straight to Act-Anon's doors. 
Acting Dead|2014|Acting Dead is a satirical dark comedy about the world of Hollywood zombies, and not just the ones leaving their Botox appointments in Beverly Hills. What if your acting career took a turn for the worse, and the only way to be cast in the ever-growing number of zombie-based TV show and movies was to...actually become one? Welcome to the afterlife of Tate and Alex, both struggling to get by, living in their new skin, or what's left of it. But life doesn't slow down just because your heart stopped beating. Sometimes you have to go six feet under to get to the top. 
Acting Out!|2015|Actor Ivan Borodin keeps himself busy. As a member of TCD Studios, Borodin involves himself in the writing and directing of the web series "John Bear". In this episode of "Acting Out!", Borodin discusses the exciting challenges inherent in shooting episodic narrative for Internet consumption. Testimonials and observations regarding Borodin are provided by Mike Valentino and Christina Birdsall. 
Acting Out|2016|An outrageous comedy series in which the most irreverent established and up-and-coming comedians of today have their best stand-up routines acted out. We'll see hilarious reenactments of the best bits, bringing new life to your favorite moments from stand up history. 
Acting! The Saga Continues|2015|"Acting: The Saga Continues" is a new comedy web series about a gang of misfit acting students and their pompous and overbearing teacher, Laurence. Unable to quit the class without forfeiting their tuition, the students engage in a competition to see which one can perform the worst theater in hopes that "Larry" will kick them out of class. The prize? A full refund! 
Acting|1987|'Michael Caine (I)' (qv) teaches the art of movie acting to five young actors, who perform scenes from _Alfie (1966)_ (qv), _Deathtrap (1982)_ (qv) and _Educating Rita (1983)_ (qv). He talks about how to perform in close-ups and extreme close-ups. He warns about the continuity dangers of smoking cigarettes or fiddling with props. He talks about screen tests, special effects men who are cavalier about your safety and speaking to someone who is off camera. The movie camera is your best friend and most attentive lover, he says, even though you invariably ignore her. The art of movie acting can be summed up in one word: relax! 
Action Autographs|1949|A series of fifteen-minute films sponsored by Bell & Howell Cameras to demonstrate to viewers the power of film to bring people into places and situations they would never have seen before. Different episodes went to exciting travel spots, while others provided a look at unusual or entertaining events, while still others gave a glimpse of little-seen occupations. 
Action Figure|2013|It is the new millennium. Digital war is outlawed. In Asia are matches between large small Robots called Mecha toys. These Action Figures take place between two large powerful over disputed homelands at John's house and for this reason he gonna animate them for win the battle. But many heroes are coming too. The main character Gundam is a Japanese Robot and the others toys are the Transformers from US and all action toys from Anime and Videogames. 
Action League Now!!|2003|The show follows four superheroes, who are action figures, on stopping evil. There is The Flesh, who is "Super strong and super naked," ThunderGirl, who has the ability to fly, Stinky Diver, who usually swims in toilets, and Meltman, whose only power is to melt, making him the smallest and weakest of the team. 
Action Man|1995|Dr. X has stolen a tunneling machine and kidnapped a team of miners for an excavation led by Natalie's uncle Ian, under blackmail from Dr. X. Thanks to Ian's mine planted on Dr. X's snowcruiser, Action Man manages to destroy Dr. X's acquired lethal PAX 39 gas canisters. 
Action|1999|In Hollywood you're only as good as your last flick, and Dragonfire Films exec Peter Dragon has hit bottom with his $150 million bomb "Slow Torture." His only hope to get back to the way things were is the shoot-'em-up film "Beverly Hills Gun Club," and the only person that will help him is ex-child star turned hooker Wendy Ward. 
Active Duty|2018|When a blackbird goes down over Afghanistan, Several U.S. soldiers are drifted apart. Some of the soldiers died, some were injured, and some were captured. SSG.Riley Davis, One of the few survivors left searches for any other survivors that may have survived the crash, but runs into many obstacles along the way. 
Active Raid: KidÙ kyÙsh˚shitsu dai-hakkei|2016|From Wikipedia: Active Raid takes place in the near future with advanced technology, particularly a system known as ACTIVE (Armored Combined Tactical Intelligence Vanguard Elements). Due to the abundance of serious crime around the world, police forces begin to use ACTIVE technology along with powered armor mobile suits known as Will Wears. The series focuses on one such police unit in Japan known as Unit 8. 
Active Shooter: America Under Fire|2017|Whether due to acts of terrorism, hate, or mental instability, mass shootings have become all too commonplace. This documentary series examines this disturbing phenomenon from the points of view of victims, family members, emergency medical workers and first responders, who bravely risk their own lives in the face of grave danger. Each episode recounts a specific incident using archival footage and in-depth interviews to shine a spotlight on the traumatic events and their aftermath. The results are powerful, eye-opening, and hopefully change-inducing. 
Actor 5|2013|Actor 5: Is Acting Right For You? The "business" side of the art of acting is far too often overlooked. This episode starts season 1 by addressing the basic question, "To act, or not to act?" Actress and FanGirl Academy producer April Marie Eden shares some advise for those considering Acting. Major emphasis on knowing about the industry you want to be a part of. A few practical facts about actors, finance and production. 
Actor Studio India: Method Acting Tips|2017|Actor Studio India : One of the best method acting training school in India brings to you some of the best international Method Acting Tips by India's No1 Method Acting Training Coach Actor Gaurav Nanda . It is an initiative to spread knowledge about various method acting techniques in India by Actor Gaurav Nanda. 
Actor's Day in LA|2009|Marta McGonagle, and other actors, David Guerra, Minerva Garcia, and Buster Rojas, participate in the "Peer Education" Program funded by Kaiser Permanente to promote communication between peers and parents with pre-teen kids regarding sex education. 
Actor's Scope|2015|WSA'S Actor's scope is a 30-minute show/ web series created by veteran casting director Winsome Sinclair. Those who tune into the show receive information about production companies looking for talent and have many of their questions about the industry answered. 
Actor's Studio|1948|Produced by the ABC as its television network was just getting off the ground, this program was one of the first dramatic series television to attract top-name actors and actresses. Performing plays by such authors as Poe and Thurber, cast members included current well-known performers like Julie Harris and Cloris Leachman, as well as up-and-coming talents like Marlon Brando. The series was renamed "The Play's the Thing" midway through its final season. The 56 episodes were adaptations of plays, stories, etc. by famous authors, e.g., Tennessee Williams, James Thurber, H.G. Wells, Ring Lardner, Edgar Allen Poe, Maxim Gorky, Ben Hecht, Oscar Wilde, Irwin Shaw, Stephen Vincent Benet, Thomas Hardy, William Saroyan, Erskine Caldwell, Bret Harte, etc. 
Actors Entertainment|2009|The 100th Episode of Motivational Chat on Actors Entertainment. Starring Jaime Kalman and John Michael Ferrari and Baby Olivia to celebrate 100 episodes of Motivational Chat on Actors Entertainment, a channel on the Actors Podcast Network, a Pepper Jay Production. 
Actors Reporter Interviews|2009|Actors Reporter hosts, themselves entertainment professionals, interview working actors, singers, comics, producers, directors and others in the entertainment industry. Guests share stories about their childhood, how they began in the business, their journey and helpful suggestions for others who aspire to their profession. 
Actors Untitled|2014|Danny asks Cammy to give Marisa an Actor-Vention after Marisa comes to terms that her career may never take off in the way that she wants it to go; Danny gets a callback for a part he wished he didn't have to go in for, but is shocked when he finds out the real reason why he got called back in. 
Actuality Specials|1962|Initially created as a summer news program, this show gave viewers an in-depth look at issues that were facing America and the world. Using a combination of rebroadcast news programs and specially produced documentaries, reports were typically given by veteran news anchors, but also occasionally by well-known actors. The program went off the air after its first summer, but returned in 1965 and lasted for another three years. 
Ad.vert|????|After a disastrous pitch to a mega-corporation sees the American Dream slip through his fingers, advertising and marketing "guru" Michael finds himself promoting small, green and eco-friendly companies in a desperate attempt to pay the rent - and manage a collection of wacky yet wonderful employees and clients. 
Adaalat|2010|The owner of Victoria, Aatmaram gets arrested in the murder of Mr. Furniturewala, the owner of an antique shop. K.D. Pathak firmly decides to fight Aatmaram's case and tries to prove him innocent. Nishit Aggrawal, a worker in Mr. Furniturewala's antique shop reveals a shocking truth in the court. Is Aatmaram the murderer? Who is the actual murderer? What is the connection between Victoria, Aatmaram and Mr. Furniturewala? 
Adam & »ve|2012|Portrait ‡ la fois drÙle et touchant du couple moderne. On retrouve Adam et »ve ‡ l'aube de leur rencontre, plus vieux en tant que parents et finalement au crÈpuscule de leur vie. InterprÈtÈs par les mÍmes comÈdiens qui modifient leur apparence selon l'‚ge de leur personnage, Adam et »ve vivent ‡ la mÍme Èpoque et habitent le mÍme triplex. Les couples plus ‚gÈs sont ni plus ni moins qu'une projection du couple le plus jeune. S'appuyant sur des observations pertinentes et amusantes, Claude Meunier pose un regard facÈtieux, mais aussi tendre ‡ l'occasion, sur les enjeux de l'amour en butte aux assauts du temps qui passe. De l'illusion ‡ la dÈsillusion, de l'angoisse ‡ une certaine sagesse, ainsi va l'Ítre humain et son couple, avec son lot de bonheur et de rÈsignation - Aussi bien en rire. Chaque Èpisode se dÈroule selon un thËme spÈcifique qui se dÈvoile diffÈremment selon ces trois ‚ges de la vie. 
Adam Adamant Lives!|1966|Edwardian adventurer Adam Adamant is frozen alive in a block of ice by his arch-nemesis The Face in 1902 ; in 1966 workmen discover him and he is revived, perfectly preserved... but completely bewildered by his new environment, "swinging 60's" London, until he meets up with the beautiful Georgina Jones, who helps him adapt - and before long, he is back to adventuring, solving crime & fighting evil wherever it may lurk... 
Adam Green's Scary Sleepover|2015|Iconic genre filmmaker Adam Green hosts slumber parties at the ArieScope Pictures studio featuring a different celebrity artist each week as his guest. While dressed in their pajamas, sleeping on the floor, eating junk food, watching movies, and playing board games, Green uncovers what it actually is that truly scares the very people that scare audiences for a living. 
Adam Richman's Best Sandwich in America|2012|Richman continues his sandwich-eating quest on the west coast of California. Featured sandwiches include: a Memphis-style 15-spice-rubbed pulled pork sandwich topped with a maple syrup-and-pineapple-sweetened coleslaw, plus piping hot barbecue sauce, all inside a grilled Brioche bun at JR's Barbeque in Los Angeles, California; the "El Toro", a sandwich of Mesquite-grilled tri-tip beef, double-grilled and doused in a sweet barbecue sauce while placed inside a fresh-baked Kaiser roll, at Phil's BBQ in San Diego, California; and a "pulled" lamb sandwich topped with pickled watermelon rind, placed inside a sweet deli roll and served with a side of red cabbage slaw and a unique watermelon vinegar sauce from Wexler's in San Francisco, California. 
Adam Richman's Fandemonium|2013|In the premiere episode, Adam Richman travels to Daytona, FL to join 200,000 passionate NASCAR fans in the legendary infield for the 55th running of the Daytona 500 to experience their ingenious tailgating and culinary creations first-hand. 
Adam Ruins Everything|2015|In the season finale "Adam Ruins Death," Adam explains that "the end" is inevitable; it's a reality that should be accepted and embraced. He shows why immortality is a fantasy and reveals that the American funeral industry is a racket that exploits mourners' grief and fear of dying. He then demonstrates that when people don't accept death, they wind up making terrible medical decisions that ruin whatever life is left. 
Adam Zkt. Eva|2014|The 23-year-old songwriter Annelinde is looking for a long-haired Adam with dirt under his nails. She is naked on an uninhabited island with the 33-year-old Jasper, but when the beautiful Maaike appears on Mogo Mogo, there is an exciting click between the two ladies. 
Adam and Jamero|2014|Adam Anthony's world is turned upside down when his girlfriend dumps him - landing him on the couch of his new friend Jamero, his first ever African American friend. Displaced with nowhere else to go, Adam finds himself navigating through Jamero's unfamiliar and very colorful world. Inspired by the unforgettable Odd Couple sitcom, Adam & Jamero updates the classic with white and black lead actors. Through humor, Adam & Jamero turn assumptions and generalizations on their head. As the show unfolds, characters begin to understand the imperfections we all have in common. 
Adam's Rib|1973|A TV adaptation of the Tracy/Hepburn classic. Adam Bonner was a young assistant DA while his wife, Amanda, was a junior partner in a law firm. Their jobs often put them in conflict within the courtroom and, by extension, at home. Amanda (and the series) was also a crusader for women's rights. 
Adam-12|1968|A realistic police drama following the lives of two officers of the LAPD, veteran Pete Malloy and his rookie partner, Jim Reed. Done in a spare, almost "docudrama" style, each episode covered a variety of incidents that the officers encountered during a shift, from the tragic to the trivial. Pete Malloy is a seven year veteran of the Los Angeles Police department working out of the Rampart Division. Unfortunately, after his young partner is killed while investigating a warehouse robbery, Malloy is ready to hand in his resignation. However, on what was supposed to be his last night on the force, he is given the task of breaking in a young rookie officer named Jim Reed. After their first night on patrol, Malloy sees potential in the young rookie and decides to not resign after all and the two begin a seven year partnership in which the two officers would handled cases from the serious (murder, robbery, rape and drug abuse) to the humorous (children getting caught in awkward situations and the odd husband getting kicked out of the house by his wife. The officers would also work various details from SWAT and even flew on helicopter patrol. Also, during the next seven years Reed go from probationer to full fledged officer and Malloy get promoted to the rank of officer three plus one, just one rank below sergeant. Other officers that would be seen working with Reed and Malloy were Seargent "Mac" MacDonald, cynical, by the book Officer Ed Wells, good natured officer Jerry Woods and Lew Walters. Pete Malloy and Jim Reed are partnered uniform LAPD patrol officers. In relative terms, Pete is the veteran, Jim the green neophyte. At the beginning of their partnership, Pete had been on the force for seven years, his previous partner having just been killed on the job, while Jim was fresh out of the academy. Their patrol unit is code named Adam-12. As Pete and Jim attend to calls and patrol the streets of Los Angeles, they deal with the entire gamut of police situations, from the dangerous and tenuous, to the mundane, to the absurd and ridiculous. Through their burgeoning friendship, a continuing point of contention between the two is their differing lifestyles, each who tries to convince the other that they are happier and thus should be emulated. Jim has a loving wife named Jean and a growing family, while Pete is the confirmed bachelor who wants whoever his latest girlfriend solely to be casual. A spin-off of the popular NBC TV series DRAGNET!, Created and Produced by Jack Webb. After his partner is killed in a gun battle, Veteran Patrol Officer Pete Malloy, bitter and disillusioned, is teamed with an eager rookie partner, Jim Reed. Officer Malloy feeling responsible for his new partner, is determined to keep his new partner safe and alive. Stories involve daily assignments, close teamwork, and then-current law enforcement procedures right out of the files of the City of Los Angeles Police Department. The series featured real department issue badges, vehicles and patrol markings, and Patrol Stations (Rampart & Central Division Headquarters). The series was endorsed & supported by the LAPD, and the series Director - Jack Webb upon his death in 1982, was buried with full LAPD honors. Mr. Webb was issued Sergeants Badge #714, the only badge ever issued to a civilian in history of the LAPD. Classic police drama created and produced by Jack Webb, who already produced and starred in the highly successful "Dragnet." "Adam-12" followed the careers and lives of two Los Angeles police officers Pete Malloy and Jim Reed. In the early years of the show, Malloy was the veteran, while Reed was an eager young rookie; each had something he could teach the other. Each show followed the pair as they went about their daily beat (with situations ranging from comical and trivial to robberies and criminal investigations); other episodes dealt with specific police issues (such as court cases, debriefings and training rookie cops). As the show's run continued, Reed progressed from a rookie to one of L.A.'s finest, eventually graduating to regular officer status. The show ran seven years and was among the most popular police dramas of all time. 
Adams of Eagle Lake|1975|The weekly adventures of Sam Adams, sheriff of the bucolic ski-resort town of Eagle Lake, California, where, despite gorgeous mountain scenery and a homespun atmosphere, murder, escaped cons, hidden gold and other sinister threats reared their evil heads. 
Adanali|2008|2 blood brothers who aren't meeting about 2-3 years.They were too close until on of them fired from work because of swearing a guy who they caught.Since then he(who fired from work) started to get vengeance by cheating their wealth,so he's being a ringleader.His blood brother starts to catch him after learning these events. 
Adaptatsiya|2017|CIA agent Oleg is deployed to filter into Gazprom(the world's biggest gas production corporation) in Siberia, Russia. His mission's to prevent Russians from new technique. After his arrival, he finds everything's different from he expected. 
Adarna|2013|Set in Pugad Sanghaya, there rules the despiteful Uwakro. One day, he gets seriously ill and orders Garuda to look for the group of healers known as Adarna. One of those is Larka, who is currently pregnant, and husband Kestrel. A prophecy will be declared that her baby will become the most powerful healer in Pugad Sanghaya. Due to unfortunate circumstances, Garuda's troop chases them which causes Kestrel's death. Larka, together with her daughter, decides to secretly enter the world of the mortals. Still worried that Garuda's troop might follow them; Larka changes her name to Lupe, covers her wings and never uses her healing powers. Instead, Lupe and Ada sell bottles of herbal medicines outside the Quiapo Church. One day, Ada witnesses a car accident of a young boy named Migo. Ada sings to him and to the people's surprise, Migo slowly wakes and stands up as of nothing happened. Thinking that Garuda might track them, Lupe decides to fly away by herself and leave Ada to her suitor Simon. After years of longing for her mother, Ada now lives with Simon together with wife Jinky and stepdaughter Janelle. Ada crosses path with Migo and eventually develop feelings for each other. Migo reveals his mother's sickness and asks for help from Ada. She agrees to sing to his mother not knowing that her voice reverberates in Pugad Sanghaya. Unfortunately, one of the members of Garuda's troop named Bok gets to know of Ada's ability and tries to get close to her. Despite orders from Garuda, Bok keeps his bad intentions and instead, makes friends with Ada until he slowly falls in love with her. On her 18th birthday, Ada's wings will finally spread. Just right in time, Falco comes and explains to Ada her real identity. Ready to guard and fight her love for Ada, Falco will be the one to teach Ada to hold weapons and defend herself from Garuda and her troop. Among the three men, who will truly love and accept Ada? Who will betray her? Will she be able to find her mother Lupe? Will she fight Garuda? 
Adderly|1986|V.H. Adderly, a former James Bond style operative for I.S.I., is given a desk job in the Department of Miscellaneous Affairs after losing function in his left hand- the result of torture by enemy agents. He hates the mundane assignments he is given, thumbs his nose at protocol, and somehow manages to dig up a threat to national security or a spy at every turn. Melville Greenspan, his boss, is an insecure life long pencil pushing bureaucrat, who seems concerned only with not making waves and making sure that the proper forms are filled out. He is afraid that Adderly's snooping will result in his being fired. Mona is the efficient department clerk/secretary, almost bored with her work and longing for excitement (and a date with V.H.). She often covered for Adderly, and would occasionally help him on assignments, sometimes with Greenspan's permission. 
Addicted Parents: Last Chance to Keep My Children|2017|This two-part documentary series has unique access to the only rehab in the UK to allow children to live with their mums and dads, as their parents are given one last chance to overcome their addiction to drugs or alcohol.Filmed over a year, this series follows mothers and fathers and their children through detox and recovery. The first programme follows four mothers battling years of addiction to drugs and fighting to protect their future as a family. In the second programme, a young couple face an uphill battle to turn their backs on heroin so they can leave rehab with their two year-old son. Do any of them make it out together? 
Addicted USA|????|"Addicted USA" chronicles the so-called "War on Drugs" and where we are today in the United States with relation to what began over 100 years ago with the little known Federal Bureau of Narcotics and has led to an all-out criminal network vs. Big Pharma vs. the DEA vs. Small Town, USA. 
Addicted to Food|2011|Follows eating disorder patients at a treatment facility as they work to put the pieces of their lives back together. The facility specializes in the treatment of eating disorders and co-occurring addictions, along with the multiple underlying abuses that cause food-related issues, whether sexual, drug-related, physical or emotional. Addiction specialist Tennie McCarty, Shades of Hope founder and therapist, works directly with each client to help them face their past so they can take positive steps toward their future. As part of their rehabilitation, clients undertake a series of specific therapeutic challenges to build positive behaviors in an effort to break the cycle of addiction. 
Addicted to Pleasure|2012|Brian Cox learns the origins and history of modern-day opium addiction. Actor Brian Cox reveals the rich and controversial past of sugar, alcohol, tobacco and opium to uncover how the commercial exploitation of these products hooked the world. 
Addicted|2010|Aaron is a 22-year-old heroin addict whose life has been dominated by substance abuse since elementary school. By age 14, he was a routine drug user and by 18 he began injecting himself with heroin. He has not been truly sober since childhood. 
Addicts & Animals|2012|Addicts & Animals' hero, Phil Aguilar, aka Chief, has made it his mission to help drug addicts, but he does it his way. He and his family run an in-home sobriety program that uses the responsibility and joy of pet ownership as a means for recovery. Once a heroine addict himself, Chief swoops up addicts from the doorsteps of Hell and helps them get their lives back, with the help of a few tail-wagging companions. 
Addicts Anonymous|2013|ADDICTS ANONYMOUS is an irreverent mockumentary comedy about a group of social misfits on the cusp of a variety of addictions. A twisted "Breakfast Club" for this generation of college kids. Lovable oaf guidance counselor "Gary Goldberg" uses unorthodox techniques to prevent his students from turning their bad habits into full blown addiction. Gary's methods constantly come into question when "Dean Sawyer" played by MATT WALSH tries to get the program off his campus! SEASON ONE At the heart of the show we see new student "KEVIN" admitted into the class. His adamant denial of any college drinking issues is shot down in flames as adrenaline junkie "HALEY" falls madly love with him. Technology geek "CHARLIE" uses all of his Machiavellian skill to screw with everyone's head. "JANIE" use her sex habits to taunt and tease anger infused "ROBERT." They exploit each other's issues to gain power in an all to familiar unhealthy relationship. "DOUG'S" weed compulsion makes him a savvy con-artist who's constantly scheming for everyone's cash. "GEORGIA" struggles with her food obsession as she prepares for her wedding to her girlfriend Badass Babe "PAULA." Pyromaniac "TOMMY" invites the hilarious OCD "TODD WICKLE" to become his assistant in a fire-crazed magic act. We meet Gary's dysfunctional parents. "Linda" his feisty zen-mother played by LORI LOUGHLIN, and globe trotting billionaire "Christian Goldberg" played by SHAWN CHRISTIAN. 
Adhuri Kahaani Hamari|2015|'Adhuri Kahaani Humari' is a show that deals with the idea of rebirth for the sake of love. The female protagonist of the show is a young girl Manasvini aka Manu, who is killed by an 'Icchadhari Naagin' (Shape Changing Snake) at the age of 13. Maya is the 'Icchadhari Naagin', who kills Manu in the haste of jealously. Maya is jealous of Prince Maadhav's attention towards Manu and in order to take Manu's place in Maadhav's life, Maya kills her. Years later Manasvini's soul returns as Radhika, who is a film making student. Radhika lands up in Narayanpuri, where the ancient Garuda Temple is located. During this journey, Radhika comes in terms with her past life as Manasvini and some intriguing secrets are revealed to her about Manasvini, Maadhav and Maya's relationship. 
Adicciones|2011|Aurora works as a nurse in a psychiatric hospital and her dream is to meet her grandson just born in Spain. To achieve this she needs to gather a considerable amount of money, so she begins working the double of time. This causes her a great physical and psychological wear, and in consequence she starts taking drugs, the ones she usually prescribes. Unaware, Aurora enters the path of addiction, in a situation that no one can tell if she is a nurse or a patient. 
Adini Feriha Koydum|2011|Poor watchman's beautiful daughter who's often teased by people about her financial conditions becomes friends with highly rich people & falls in love with the most famous & rich guy in Turkey; Who's unaware about her real identity. Will their love story survive after her truth gets revealed? 
AdiÛs a las chicas|2017|Alicia has always liked women. But her last girlfriend, Bea, leave her brokenhearted by break up with her with a written note. That's why she decides to change sides and date with Raul. It looks simple, but Laura, her decided and lesbian flatmate, will not put things as easy as she though. 
Adopted|2017|Darrell still not located by Raven and the Kelly's. When the Kelly's are about to give up hope the get a silver lining at the end of the tunnel. Sidney is finding himself in a lonely place now that his friend is missing and Malik trying to console him isn't what he wants. Aaron and Malcolm still up to their old tricks. 
Adrenalina|1996|After her parents' killing in Colombia, Cathy Winter flies to Santiago, Chile, to start a new life. It's the climax of the 90s and in the dance-floor of Adrenalina, a new club, Cathy will meet the love of her life, a hunky publisher, and her best friend, a shy DJ. Only time will tell Cathy that dancing and romance is the only thing that matters when you are seventeen. 
Adrenaline Man|2016|Ten Global Episodes of Extreme Adrenaline world record breaking Stunts , Swimming with Great white sharks , Diving with Killer whales , Getting shot out of a cannon for world record distance ,Jumping out of a Airplane without a parachute , Getting lite on fire for worlds record , Worlds longest underwater cave dive ,< Jumping a convertible corvette from Grand Canyon and Travels portions from Global exotic locations ,and much more dare devil feats Action Travel and Adventure Show ,Training wild Lion in Africa , Worlds highest wing suit helicopter Jump, Deal already in place and 10 episodes ordered by Discovery Channel. 
Adrenaline Rush Hour|2009|Cheshire, England: A GT racer crashes and burns with the driver still inside; San Francisco: A motorcycle stunt driver crashes into a parked car; Lakeland, Florida: A Monster Truck driver flips over on a boggy racetrack; Monterey, Mexico: High winds blow down a highway sign, hitting a bus; El Mirage, California: An auto-gyro stalls and crashes; Phoenix, Arizona: A boat racer wipes out at 240 mph; Oklahoma City: A train carrying 30,000 gallons of fuel derails and catches fire; Phoenix, Arizona: A smuggler carrying 21 illegal aliens crashes into a van; Jacksonville, Florida: A minivan crashes into a tattoo parlor; Taipei, Taiwan: Two six-ton cranes fall 60 stories after a 5.0 earthquake; Fox Point, Wisconsin: A commuter becomes boxed in between a bank robber's stopped car and police cars; Oklahoma City: A police officer has a difficult time giving a drunk driver a ticket; Manila, The Phillipines: Tigers attack a zoo keeper; Rochester, New York: A roller-blader attempting a 540∫ wipes out; Jackson, New Jersey: An ATV rider slams into a rock wall and falls 40 feet to the canyon floor; Moorhead, Minnesota: A law enforcement student is in a car that the suspect backs over; Charleston, South Carolina: A kite-boarder is hurled 40 feet high after a 70 mph gust. 
Adrenaline TV|1999|Unique action sports series that travels the world in search of the ultimate adventures. Hosted by the beautiful and athletic S.W.A.T Team (Sports Women of Adrenaline TV), they bring the viewer all the fast paced action ranging from popular sports such as Freestyle Moto Cross and Surfing to the bizarre such as Sandboarding and Lawnmower Racing. Adrenaline TV is a show that not only entertains but also informs the viewer and through our interactive website (www.adrenalinetv.com) one get all the information one the WHO, WHAT, WHERE, & WHEN--if you DARE that is! 
Adrishya|2014|While still in its earliest days, Kao and KSN managed to put together a brilliant team of men who were trained in guerilla warfare and weakened the presence of West Pakistan soldiers in Bangladesh before the actual Indian army could even enter the field of action. 
Adult Insider|2012|In every show, reporters go behind the scenes to show just how adult films are made, visit adult stars in their own environs, cover live red carpet events similar to those on the other side of the hill in Hollywood, visit with porn stars as they live their fascinating off-camera lives and give an exciting, stimulating, sexy overview of the adult world. In addition to pulling back the curtain on the XXX world, Inside Adult reveals the phenomenally successful sex toy business, peeks inside web cam rooms and adult websites and examines the business of sex from an insider's perspective. 
Adult Wednesday|2013|Wednesday is all grown up and has finally moved out of her family's manor to experience adult life in Los Angeles. She looks for an apartment, goes on job interviews, internet dates and encounters some unfortunate antagonists along the way. 
Adulthood|2017|Rob is a recently single New York City real estate broker who moonlights as an anonymous dating advice guru known only as 'Ask Joe'; unbeknownst to his loyal followers, he struggles to hold on to a girlfriend himself. Clint, Rob's best friend, is a former supermodel whose fear of getting older (he just turned thirty!) results in an existential crisis, leading him to trade in the gym for booze and paid escorts. Scott, former band member/roommate of Rob's brother, Avery, finds himself brokenhearted and living on Clint's couch when his fiancÈe decides not to follow him to New York. Freddy, the youngest of the crew, works to find balance between his life as an aspiring actor and being a good single father, all the while trying to decide between rekindling things with his ex or leave the past behind him starting something new. Together these four friends band together in their pursuit of meaningful relationships while battling the confusion of what it means to be an adult in your thirties. 
Adulting|2015|You went to a liberal arts college. You majored in English or Sociology or Art History. You have a mountain of debt and no marketable skills. You took your graduation money and moved to New York City with only your dreams of grandeur, your parents' HBOgo password, and your two best friends. Now what? That's exactly what Sarah, Jessica, and Parker are trying to figure out. No one quite prepares you for life as a twenty-something. The best you can do is hold on for dear life, keep a bottle of wine handy, and try to figure out how to adult. 
Adultish|2014|Adultish follows the life of Bevin, a young(ish) blogger living in New York City, investigating 'Y' her generation is refusing to grow up. Along with her best friends, they embark on any path they can find to transition themselves into adulthood without sacrificing their love for all things Nostalgia and Childish. 
Advanced Film Theory with Professor Gregor|2002|A satirical movie presentation and analysis program where Professor Gregor presents cinema's unsung masterpieces. At key points throughout a film Professor Gregor presents his concise, and dubious, intellectual analysis of the work's 'real' meanings and influences. 
Adventure 8: Zoo Games|2013|Adventure 8: Zoo Games is Discovery Kid's all new wildlife-based series for children between the ages of 6 to 12, packed with animal interactivity and the wildest game challenges. This series gives 8 young intrepid explorers, the Adventure 8, a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to get up close with the residents (animals and keepers) of Singapore Zoo, Night Safari and Jurong Bird Park. The 8 will be given rare access to work and play at one of the world's most renowned zoos. Each episode will be based on a specific theme covering Food, Animal Smarts, Senses, Survival, Diversity, Conservation and Responsibility, Danger, and Communication. Through this unique journey, the Adventure 8 will learn not just about the animal kingdom but also begin a journey of self-development and discovery. From handling a giant python to shoveling mounds of rhino dung, the kids overcome their fears and get their hands dirty, often with hilarious unexpected results. But it's not all work and no play! Each show will culminate in an exhilarating animal game challenge where the Adventure 8 will need to summon all their wits and physical prowess as they are pitted against each other to score precious points. At the end of the series, only one contestant with the most points, can be crowned 'King of The Jungle'! 
Adventure Box|2017|This fall, Experticity gave two Experts a wild adventure around the Zion National Park area. After receiving 1,300 applications submitted from Experts who wanted to participate, we invited Drew - a Ski and Mountain Bike Expert - and Rachel - a Climbing and Canyoneering Expert - down to the deserts of Utah to test out some gear and share their expertise with each other. 
Adventure Capitalists|2016|With majestic Utah canyons as the backdrop, investors Jeremy Bloom, Dhani Jones, Shawn Johnson East, and Kristi Leskinen test new adventure products - including an all-wheel drive motorcycle and an easy to use slingshot. Are they willing to shell out big bucks to fund the big dreams of a talented entrepreneur? 
Adventure Chefs|2009|Adventure Chefs is a competition-based reality show where two contestants battle it out against the forces of nature and each other. Thrown into a remote environment - the Florida swamps, the Smoky Mountains, Death Valley, etc. - the Adventure Chefs need to hunt, forage, and gather enough fresh food ingredients to prepare a fine dining experience for three guest judges. It's "Survivor" meets "Iron Chef," Emeril meets the Crocodile Hunter, as these participants have to excel as primitive hunter-gatherers and evolve into modern culinary masters. 
Adventure Dive Komodo|2010|Adventure Dive Komodo takes you on a journey with experienced divers and people who've never dived before who travel to one of the most unique marine environments in the world. Together you'll meet the Komodo Dragons, learn the culture and spend time underwater looking at creatures found nowhere else. One of the most unique diving series ever made. 
Adventure Girls|2008|The Adventure Girls TV Show is a weekly half hour show designed to attract a television audience of viewers between 18 to 30 years old. The show follows three attractive bilingual Chinese girls called the Adventure Girls and their crew who works as reporters for an adventure/travel web portal called CoolEnglishTV.com. The Adventure Girls are adventurous, athletic, smart and attractive with a strong sense of traditional Chinese family values. They are sent on educational, cultural and adventure/wilderness assignments. 
Adventure Highway|2002|Adventure Highway is an action-packed road-trip to North America's greatest motor-sport destination and events. Each episode drives viewers to a location exceptionally suited for a particular outdoor experience. And, because getting there is half the adventure, on and off-road vehicles and equipment are reviewed by experts. Custom motorcycles, boats, RVs, ATVs and personal watercraft are also included. 
Adventure Inc.|2002|When adventure calls...no place is too far, no risk is too high, and no task is too difficult for The Ultimate Adventure Company. From his base in the Florida Keys, Judson Cross has assembled a team of young renegades, each with his own extraordinary skills and willing to risk it all for the love of adventure. Their methods may not be orthodox, they may risk their own safety, but they always get the job done. 
Adventure Nebraska with Bill Frenzer: A Fly-Over Safari|2017|"ADVENTURE NEBRASKA WITH BILL FRENZER: A Fly-Over Safari Middle America...That vast Fly-Over open space between the Coasts. What's really going on down there? One man who grew up there and left for L.A. thirty years ago, has returned to find out. And now he wants to share what he's discovered about the people, the places, the culture, the Adventure that is Nebraska. Welcome to a humorous travelogue/human interest interview show following Bill Frenzer, comedian and extemporaneous philosopher, who's spent his career living the L.A. comedy scene, as he returns to Nebraska to see if he really can "go back home again." 
Adventure Room|2016|Gamers Strawburry17, Aureylian, MrLeoZombie, and ParkerGames find themselves trapped in the dingy dungeon of a castle where Player 1 appears to have lost her battle with the game. As the team begins to lose hope, they discover she left clues to another way out. 
Adventure Showcase|1959|Intended just to fill an empty slot in CBS's summer lineup, this Tuesday evening program consisted of pilot episodes from various other hopeful adventure and action dramas that had not been picked up for regular production in the fall season. Its brief run ended after only four weeks. 
Adventure Theater|1956|Hosted by storyteller Paul Douglas, this summer series started each episode with Douglas holding some artifact from England, which he would then use as the basis for a long, involved tale of adventure explaining how the object came to be in his possession. The show was brought back in repeats for its second summer season in 1957. 
Adventure Time with Finn & Jake|2010|Root Beer Guy: Root Beer Guy works a boring job during the day and tries to write mystery stories at night. But his life is about to change when he witnesses Finn and Jake kidnapping Princess Bubblegum! There's only one problem: no one believes Root Beer Guy... / Apple Wedding: You are cordially invited to the Wedding of the Year: Tree Trunks and Mr. Pig are getting married! 
Adventure to Fitness|2011|Welcome adventurers! Today we travel to Asia and the Himalayan Mountains ... where legend has it that an ancient curse has come back to haunt the tallest mountain in the world, Mount Everest! Your Mission is to help Mr. Marc solve this mystery and make the 'Roof of the World' safe once again for top mountain climbers! Be swift, be safe, and be adventurers! 
Adventure|1953|Produced in collaboration with the American Museum of Natural History in New York, this program featured interviews with biologists, anthropologists and ethnologists in which they discussed unusual natural phenomena or primitive societies. At the same time, footage of these same places, animals and people would be shown, along with descriptive narration. 
Adventurer|1987|Jack Vincent, an aristocrat forced by circumstances to become a smuggler, is caught and transported on the IIMS Success to a penal colony on Norfolk Island, off the New Zealand coast. Unhappily for Vincent, the ship's captain is none other than his brother-in-law, Lt.Harry Anderson. The two men have quarreled violently in the past over Anderson's treatment of Vincent's sister, and now Anderson subjects him to particularly harsh and humiliating treatment. Vincent stages a successful mutiny, casting Anderson and those loyal to him adrift, and plans to sail to America. When the Success is shipwrecked, Vincent is one of three survivors; but Anderson also survives the storm, and vows to pursue Vincent until he sees him hanged at Execution Dock. So begins a fight for survival for Vincent and his crew, complete with hostile natives, unscrupulous sea-traders, crazed prophets and buried treasure...Oliver Tobias (Arthur of the Britons) plays Jack Vincent in this popular sequel to Smuggler. Filmed on location in New Zealand, Adventurer features breathtaking natural scenery, highly authentic sets and thrilling scenes and scripts from award-winning creator Richard Carpenter (Catweazle, Robin of Sherwood). This complete series was originally screened in 1987. 
Adventurers: Masters of Time|2005|Uploading themselves by way of a time continuum software, Fire, Nevin, Paul, and Kikko, are suddenly whisked back through the ages on a desperate search for their missing computer professor. Unfortunately, they haven't made the journey alone. An evil Hacker is threatening to change world history. The endurance of each intrepid teen will be tested as they weave in and out of time; facing overwhelming perils and thrilling challenges. 
Adventures Abroad|2006|On South African Safari with Ray Bunney each week, Adventures Abroad shoots the biggest, most dangerous game on the planet. Most people die to go on the hunts Ray takes while traveling the globe. Ray Bunney is a diehard over-the-top hunter with a tremendous amount of past experience. He will soon take his eighth African tour, plus he hunts nearly every destination in the world. Kudu, Rhino, Elephant, Lion, Waterbuck, Eland, and Cape Buffalo are only a short list of the huge variety of African animals offered in the upcoming season. Beautiful scenery and incredible images make Adventures Abroad comparable to any show on the Discovery Channel. 
Adventures from the Book of Virtues|1996|Follows the adventures of eleven-year-old Zach Nichols and ten-year-old Annie Redfeather as they suffer pain from issues involving other children. To solve these problems, they seek council from a group of anthropomorphic animals whose names come from the Greek - Plato, an old and scholarly bison; Aurora, a wise red-tailed hawk; Socrates, a rambunctious and wisecracking bobcat; and Aristotle, a feisty and bookish prairie dog. This ensemble teaches the kids virtues by telling them stories from the Book of Virtues. 
Adventures in #Adulting|2017|Adventures in #Adulting follows the life of Corey Caruso, a charming, yet unmotivated 30-something living in Portland, OR who is unwittingly stuck in the past - the 90s to be exact. He is accompanied by Claire, Josh, Paul, Annie and Gina - each battling their own "adulting" mishaps and hilarious encounters - at times with eccentric characters. The mutual quest is that of love, adventure and true happiness - but at what cost? 
Adventures in Architecture|2008|Historian and writer Dan Cruickshank celebrates architecture as a creative force as he explores the world's greatest cities, buildings and monuments. In the first episode, Cruickshank explores how humanity has created beauty through architecture. He travels to Greenland to build an igloo, creating an architectural form that is under threat due to climate change. In China he scales the world's biggest Buddha and deciphers a temple in India rich with erotic images. He visits the Catherine Palace, a hot-blooded baroque masterpiece in the middle of snowy Russia. Finally, he uncovers the dark tale of Albi Cathedral, a building originally designed to suppress the local population but now an object of beauty and wonder. 
Adventures in Booga Booga Land|2009|Marty and Gerard decide to go to carpentry school, taught by the German instructor Mr. Guudsaw. After they finish learning at school, the two best friends decide to each build their own homes. But one night, a great storm arrives and destroys Marty's flimsy home... 
Adventures in Jazz|1949|Hosted by well-known disc-jockey Fred Robbins (and later Bill Williams), this show gave viewers a glimpse into the world of jazz. Showcasing the talents of some of the premier musicians and singers of the genre, Robbins also introduced viewers to some of the inside lingo used by the performers and their fans. 
Adventures in My Own Backyard|2016|Rick's friend Billy surprises him with a 90-minute flight in a Boeing 737 flight simulator. Rick shows and explains how it is a realistic way to experience the challenges of flight, while keeping safely on the ground. It's an adventure anyone can have, if you're near enough to Anaheim, California, where FlightDeck Flight Simulation Center is located. The next adventure in the series: Hummingbird Hatchlings. 
Adventures in Paradise|1959|Adam Troy was an American Korean War veteran who stayed in the Pacific after the war. As captain of the schooner "Tiki III", Troy drifted from adventure to adventure while carrying passengers and cargo anywhere from Hong Kong to Pitcairn Island. His original partner was Chinese-American Oliver Lee, and he was assisted by first mates Clay Baker and later Chris Parker. 
Adventures in Parenting|1996|This program helps parents meet the challenge and stress of parenting by offering practical advice. Real life interaction of parents with their children and dramatic vignettes illustrate healthy and rewarding ways to parent. Some important points presented in this program are: keeping healthy, maintaining low stress levels, finding the right child care support and recognizing the joys of parenting. 
Adventures in Rainbow Country|1969|Teenager Billy Williams and his sister Hannah live with their mother Nancy at a hunting and fishing lodge in Rainbow Country, the popular name of the North Channel area of Lake Huron in Ontario, Canada. The lodge was built by Billy's father Frank, who disappeared two years earlier when his bush plane went down while he was prospecting for gold. At 15, Billy is an accomplished wilderness guide, scuba diver, angler, spelunker, white-water canoeist, photographer, marksman, rock climber, skydiver and electric bass player in his rock group The Thunderbirds. Billy sports a mop of shaggy blond hair and always wears a gold mohair sweater, a GWG denim jacket, beige jeans and Kodiak boots, even on the most sweltering of summer days. Billy's best friend is Pete Gawa, a native Canadian who is equally adept at all the outdoor skills. The inseparable pair experience an endless string of adventures, thwarting the designs of jewel thieves (Mystery at Whaleback Bay), kidnappers (Pursuit Along the Aux Sables), Iron Curtain defectors (Stolen Tugboat), airplane hijackers (Milk Run), the military (Wall of Silence), petty larcenists (Roar of the Hornet), witch doctors (The Return of Eli Rocque) and the Devil himself (Lac du Diable). 
Adventures in Speed Dating|2013|An overly dramatic church lady named Claire, who has a propensity for wearing to much cheap cologne owns and operates a popular speed dating service called "Love Is in the Air." She fills her pockets with lots of cash by selling hopes and dreams to lonely people looking for love. Two of her employees, Dan and Seton reluctantly smile and do her bidding for a paycheck, while gossiping behind her back. Plato a drunken Greek bartender, serves the daters while lamenting about his sorrows openly. John, the bell ringing referee can't wait for the dates to be done so he can ring his bell and stop the misguided match-ups that Claire has brought together. An ex-con sanitation engineer, a speech impaired school teacher, a sex crazed speed dating addict and a scarred mama's boy are just a few of the characters that make this series called: Adventures in Speed Dating. 
Adventures in Wonderland|1992|Rabbit's plant-sitting an exotic plant which has detailed instructions for its care. The Queen tells him to ask the others to take care of it as she's expecting a photographer and the plant doesn't match the throne room. However, no one reads the instructions. 
Adventures of Chhota Birbal|2002|Young prince Akbar, always as curious as ever to visit his kingdom sets out with his caretaker - Shamsher to tour his kingdom. He meets young Birbal there along with a milieu of interesting friends. Young Birbal and Prince Akbar go through an interesting set of adventures where they tackle monsters, villains, smugglers, pirates etc. and emerge triumphant. 
Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog|1993|Robotnik invents a giant AMNESIA RAY in his booby-trapped PINBALL FORTRESS (based on the Sonic game per Roger Hector) in order to erase the bad memories the Mobius citizens have of him, and make them think he's a great guy. Sonic teams up with Sgt. Dobermann, and Wes Weasley (who sold Robotnik the booby-traps in Pinball Fortress) to destroy the ray. 
Adventures of Superman|1952|"Faster than a speeding bullet! More powerful than a locomotive! Able to leap tall buildings at a single bound!" Mild-mannered reporter for the Daily Planet is really the greatest superhero of them all who "fights a never-ending battle for truth, justice, and the American way!" 
Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok|1951|Wild Bill Hickok and Jingles are ordered to break up a gang of cattle rustlers. The agent for the Osage Indians' reservation has been murdered and the local cattlemen are accusing the tribe of stealing from their herds. Bill becomes suspicious of the man who volunteered to serve as a new Indian agent can me appointed. 
Adventures of the Ghillie Suit|2015|As the mystery thickens and clues are laid out, a man attempts to be invisible using a ghillie suit to collect data. Unfortunately, he's met his match in the beautiful woman that he is gathering intel on. The audience participates through each episode helping gather clues to solve the mystery as to why she is his mission. And interaction mystery/comedy. 
Adventures of the Gummi Bears|1985|Long ago, there was a thriving civilization of small humanoid bears called Gummi Bears. Possessing powerful magic and advanced technology, this race coexisted with humans until the growing rivalry forced the Gummies to flee across the sea, leaving only a small caretaker colony to prepare for a possible return. However, generations passed and the colony forgot their purpose even as human knowledge of the race faded into mere legend. All that changes when the colony meets a boy with a Gummi Bear medallion which unlocks the Great Book of Gummi which reveals lost knowledge of their past. Now the colony has dedicated themselves to the new goal to rediscover their heritage with the help of a few trusted humans while preventing new enemies like Duke Igthorn from exploiting that heritage to their own ends. 
Adventures of the Mini Goddesses|1998|A random collection of adventures of the Goddesses featured multiple versions of Ah My Goddess. Parodies of other works, and a large number of jokes pervade this series of shorts in which the Goddesses torture and hang out with their friend Gan the rat. 
Adventures of the Seaspray|1965|While cruising off the coast of New South Wales, the Seaspray crew picks up a strange bundle, which turns out to be counterfeit money. The counterfeiting gang wants to get their funny money back and aren't too concerned about shedding some blood to do. 
Adventurous Detectivous|2012|Somebody has been breaking into Middle of Michigan's broadcasting building, so The President orders Officers Johnson & Jonson to find the culprit. Meanwhile, Danny launches his brand new late-night television show: Late Night with Danny Rock. This week's guests: boy-detective Jeremiah Jones, and the President of the Community College himself! 
Advertising Situation|2013|The drama reference the characters and wisdom of the three Kingdoms, with advertising company as the background, the story is about the process of "Li Tian" success. "Li Tian" is the advertising industry leader now, formatting the tripartite confrontation with "A and G" and "Yi Wei". 
Adwitiya|2011|Due to the sudden demise of Adwitiya's father, she has to forgo her studies and had to move to a rural village and took up a job in a rural bank in the districts of Sundarban. Kamoltoli is a village that is being manipulated by Rabi Kiran Chowdhury and Chandra Kiran Chowdhury, the two brothers. Though everything seems fine from outside the village but, there goes a serious of malicious and political activities by the Chowdhury brothers. The village people are victimized by them. Adwitiyaa enters there and takes the path of progress. 
Aenggeurimam|2015|This drama is about Jo Gang-ja, a mother who was known as a tough girl in high school. Her daughter Ah-ran is bullied at school and when Gang-ja finds out, she makes it her responsibility to stop her daughter's bullying. She ends up becoming a high school student again. 
Aeon - Countdown im All|2000|As a boy Chris Sanders was forced to watch on helplessly when the father he worshiped, the astronaut Mathew Sanders, was killed in a Soyuz capsule that exploded. What Chris didn't realize was that the accident was only staged to fool the public, and hide the real circumstances behind the mysterious "Omega Mission": AEON, a vast, indefinable mass out in space, was coming threateningly close to the earth and had to be destroyed. General Gossett, the head of the Omega Project, wanted to prevent mass panic by keeping the whole thing top secret. His colleague McBain protested fiercely, however, and was locked away in a psychiatric clinic. Ten years later, Chris himself is an astronaut, and has been chosen to go on his first mission to the International Space Station that is orbiting the earth. Shortly before the launch he meets McBain, who tells him about the phony accident ten years previously. Chris doesn't believe him, but Laura, an attractive journalist, investigates the matter and actually finds some evidence to support McBain's allegations. Meanwhile, Chris is in a shuttle out in space. His first mission turns into a disaster, however, when McBain takes over a relay station down on earth and uses software to block the shuttle's functions. Chris is in serious danger, and is only saved in the nick of time by his friend Nick after a daring rescue attempt. Back on earth, Chris travels with Laura to Russia to find out more about the mysterious Project Omega. Just as the two of them are about to solve the mystery Chris is called away to help prevent someone from destroying the International Space Station. Chris immediately realizes that McBain is involved again, but this time he's powerless to prevent the catastrophe: a missile destroys the station, killing his friend Nick in the process. Chris now realizes that Omega is doing everything in its power to cover something up. On his first mission to the moon, he stumbles across a top secret lunar base. Chris realizes he's finally on the point of uncovering the secret of the mysterious Project Omega once and for all ... 
Aerial Africa|2017|Aerial Africa reveals the fascinating stories you'd never find if you weren't in the air. This series highlights the natural wonders of the southern African landscape and considers humanity's impact on it. From Namibia's Fish River Canyon to the sprawling metropolis of Johannesburg, diamond divers at Port Nolloth to herds of buffalo and elephant on Chef's Island, this an adventure for the mind and for the senses. 
Aerial America|2010|Take off on a thrilling flight across America, a journey that allows you to leave yourself, and your travel organizer, at home. Shot entirely in high definition, this series offers rare glimpses of some of our nation's most treasured landmarks, all seen from breathtaking heights. From busy cityscapes to quiet landscapes, from historical and cultural landmarks to untouched locations inaccessible by road, we offer the history and the pageantry of our amazing country, which is as diverse as the people occupy it. 
Aeroport|2005|Airport resembles a small country, but native part of it is smaller then the foreigners part. It's hard to tell the genre of series as one can find elements of comedy, drama and melodrama in it. The main part of the Airoport is people. Employees of different services with their problems, concerns and happiness. 
Aeschbacher|2004|In Time of Crisis, stout-hearted people are needed who takes action to help others, or represent a good role model for the community. Kurt Aeschbacher did invite just such people for this Episode. Gertrud Biondi who looks after her neighborhood, Regula Corti & Dechen Shak Dagsay who wants to improve the understanding between the religions and Georg Gr¸ter who learned at 50 years of age how to read & write; and the Life coach and Medium Nadine Reuter. 
Aetaneun Romaenseu|2017|Jin-wook and Yoo-mi meet at a Gangwon-do resort and get caught up in a series of misunderstandings and accidents. Yoo-mi was charmed by Jin-wook's sly and playful personality, and they unexpectedly spend the night together. However, Yoo-mi disappears in the morning, leaving Jin-wook feeling perplexed and irrationally angry. Three years later, the two meet again when Yoo-mi becomes a nutritionist at the company cafeteria where Jin-wook works. They pretend to not recognize each other, while fighting their attraction for each other. 
Affaire Vilain contre ministËre public|1968|Jean Vilain, a young man, gets locked up in a department store after closing time. When discovered by the two old night watchmen, he resists them before he is finally overpowered. The justice machine is then set into motion and a junior lawyer, Sophie Gilletey, is appointed by the court to defend him. Jean, who distrusts her no less than the judges, refuses to speak to her... 
Affaires ÈtrangËres|2010|David Mercier is an unusual cop. Not just because of his sense of humor and endearing personality, but by the nature of his job: he searches the world for fugitives who have committed crimes on French soil. Mercier is assisted by "Mozart", a young woman who knows computers better than anyone. 
Affet bizi hocam|1998|Zeynep is a young and ambitious woman having a hopeful prospect for the future. She has a happy marriage and a little son whom she loves above all. A traffic accident makes their happy life Topsy-turvy. The teacher Zeynep's husband dies in the accident. And her little son gets crippled. Besides her nervous breakdown, she has to carry the Bordon of supporting her son's treatment costs. In the end, she decides to return to her teaching profession which she left as she got married. The school she is assigned, is located in a poor neighborhood at the outskirts of the city with students coming from different social backgrounds facing many problems . All of a sudden Zeynep finds herself among school gangs, problematic kids, and drug dealers. Zeynep already has to deal with her own problems and fight with her unhappiness and now being exposed to an environment like this has taken her to the mouth of a road. She either has to run away and withdraw into her shell or she has to take the risk and struggle. 
Affordable NYC|2016|Chad and Brad are a young queer couple in NYC trying to find the creature comforts of suburban living in the big bad city: a decent apartment, a suitable wedding venue, a nice school for their adopted daughter. Unfortunately for our heroes, they're more likely to come up against unchecked gentrification, fast-food restaurant shotgun weddings, and "small student bodies" of 3,000 per class. Building a life together can be tough. 
Afganskiy prizrak|2008|Andrei Potyomkin, frontier guard cadet, learns that his MIA father who fought in the Soviet-Afghan war is accused of treason. He is trying to find out the truth about his father's death, and together with a young promising journalist Alyona Nikitina, exposes a criminal group of servicemen who trade missiles to mojaheddin and terrorists. They are not ready to let their profitable business go easily... 
Africa Investigates|2011|On a continent where investigative reporters face intimidation and beatings and where death threats are an occupational hazard, African journalists go undercover to find the wrongdoers and put them under the spotlight. Africa Investigates is a groundbreaking series that exposes corruption and abuse across Africa. 
Africa Talk Show|2016|AFRICA TALK SHOW features a panel of female personalities with their unique perspectives that are brought to life through their candid conversations about topics ranging from their own personal lives to the news of the day to beauty, fashion and relationships. The hosts swap stories, challenge each other on issues and engage the viewers about these different topics and events. The show was developed by Chijindu Kelechi Eke, who also serves as executive producer. This chat fest on biGObiTV will surely rope you into their fresh points of view, youthful energy and passion that will turn the traditional talk show on its head. 
Africa and Ottomans|2015|Some map projection systems show thirty-million-square-kilometer African lands as having nearly the same area as two-million-square-kilometer Greenland. This projection is a result of a historical-political point of view rather than a scientific one. Nearly all historical narratives and sources on Africa have the same point of view. Africa is always underdeveloped, and needs the help and guidance of civilized and regulatory powers. As a result of this point of view, four hundred years of Ottoman-African shared history is overlooked when African history is mentioned. Africa and Ottomans closely examines four hundred years of African history related to the Ottoman Empire into the world history context through a popular narration and a style as objective as possible without an effort to justify or incriminate any parties. 
Africa|2013|The rain forest in and around equatorial Africa's Congo basin is the continent's richest and most varied environment. The abundance of food however also means extremely competition for it, while plants race to the light, using surprisingly dirty trick to 'cheat' for a spot in one of many stories from the ground to the tower-high canopy. 
Africa's Deadliest|2011|Africa is a land sculpted by time where animals have evolved complex weapons to arm them in the battle to live another day. An elephant's tusks can defend, or attack. An octopus uses camouflage to find food, or hide from an enemy. A Cape Fur Seal's speed and agility are valuable tools to catch a penguin, but ineffectual against a Great White Shark. A single hippopotamus holds a pride of twelve lions at bay with his sheer bulk, but backs down when faced with the piercing teeth of another hippo. With lethal weapons wielded by fearsome predators and prey, animals walk a precarious path, here among Africa's Deadliest. 
Africa's Hidden Kingdoms|2015|In the Western Cape province of South Africa, De Hoop Nature Reserve is bringing back countless endangered species from the brink of extinction. From the docile bontebok to gargantuan southern right whales, meet some of the world's most vulnerable creatures as they battle against overwhelming odds. 
Africa's Hunters|2017|The Nsefu lion pride would be perfect, with six new cubs, strong males to defend them, and the best territory on Luangwe River in Zambia. But, they've got teenagers. Seven gawky hopeless adolescent lions are learning how to hunt, and forgetting their manners. 
Africa's Predator Zones|2015|It's known as the coliseum of the wild: Savute. It's a small tract of land in the corner of Africa's vast desert, where three hunting zones meet at a dead end swamp surrounded by dense, thorny desert. Here, big cats meet big prey in the harshest of landscapes, and success depends on how well the predators adapt to the tough environment around them. Enter the warzone and watch as lions battle nomads to protect their territory, hyenas scavenge for easy meals, and a wily leopard quietly profits in the shadows. 
Africa's Wild Horizons|2015|Deep within the arid expanse of the Kalahari Desert lies a true anomaly of nature: a land shaped by the unstoppable flow of inland floods to create one of the greatest wildlife havens in Africa. Experience the life-giving might of the Okavango Delta, in all its lush beauty. 
Africa: Search for Common Ground|1998|With its uniquely African identity, flavor, and feel, the series takes viewers behind the headlines into the heart of conflict. Whether it is a village kgotla (council of elders) mediating a land dispute in the former Zaire, or the Truth and Reconiciliation Commision in South Africa, each episode demonstrates that good storytelling does not have to glorify conflict for its own sake-that an agreement can be as dramatic as any soap opera. At the same time, the series challenges the view that Africa is incapable of solving its own problems. 
African American Lives|2006|Episode two continues to trace the guests' lineages back through the late 1800s to the Civil War, featuring such stories as that of Chris Rock's great-great-grandfather, a black Civil War veteran who was twice elected to the South Carolina State Legislature, and Don Cheadle's great-great-grandparents, who, as Chickasaw Freedmen, struggled to build lives for themselves in Oklahoma after being excluded from the tribal rolls. 
African Explorer|1998|Explore the African continent from the highest point of Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania to the wonders of the Red Sea in Egypt and experience the African continent as never before. You will discover the beauty of this magnificent continent from the Okavango Delta to the Namib Desert and swim beneath the warm Indian Ocean waters of the Seychelles and Maldives Islands. Take a 4x4 safari in the Kalahari, track wild animals in Sabi Sabi and climb the Drakensberg Mountains in KwaZulu-Natal and Lesotho with the glorious exuberance of the African Explorer. 
African Masters|2014|Series exploring how the vibrant contemporary African art scene is emerging as a global force. Visiting studios across the world. African Masters brings for the first time to television the in-depth exciting story of this burgeoning Arts space. 
African Patrol|1957|A cattleman approaches Charles Sidrom for a loan to tide him over until his herd recovers from disease and he is able to bring them to market. Sidrom refuses and when he subsequently found murdered, evidence is found implicating the rancher. Inspector Derek believes the case is too pat and believes that the young rancher may have been framed. refused 
African Skies|1992|An adventure series about two teenagers, one black and one white, living in post-Apartheid South Africa. Rory lives with his mother on a large range out in the countryside, while Jam lives with his mother while his father runs a medical clinic far away. Together, the two friends get into various adventures, often having to rely on each other to get out of trouble. A courageous, modern woman, spoiled by success, travels to Africa with her 16-year-old son to start her life all over again and to run a ranch there - a brave step into an uncertain future. Until now the two of them have only been accustomed to life in the big city, but in Africa they are faced by a completely unknown and utterly fascinating new world. Helped by their Africa-wise ranch manager, they undergo a whole series of adventures as they gradually learn to fathom the mysteries of Africa. 
Africans of Hollywood|2017|When a group of strangers meet at a club and discover they share the same African roots and love for the arts, a friendship and community ensues. The struggles of the business and personal differences get in the way. Can they survive the town and the friendship? 
Afrika, mon amour|2007|This _Out of Africa (1985)_ (qv) style three-part movie deals with a courageous woman, who moves to Africa to flee her past. Berlin, 1914: When Katharina von Strahlberg discovers that her husband Richard had an affair with her sister-in-law Martha, she leaves him after stealing some important plans and photos of East Africa and travels to Dar es Salaam with one of Richard's business partners. In the German colony, she learns that nobody wants to employ her because of her husband's power, but she draws new courage from meeting Franz Lukas, a doctor, and Victor March, a lively Scotsman... 
Afripedia Angola|2014|Welcome to Angola, home of heavy electro music known as kuduro. Follow us across the pulsating city of Luanda as we delve into the kuduro evolution and meet the people charting its course. 'Afripedia Angola' portrays a city bursting of creativity and discovers the capital from an alternative viewpoint. Get swept away by a line-up of emerging talents such as transexual superstar Titica, wordsmith genius artist N·stio Mosquito, producer MC Sacerdote and more. 
Afro Samurai|2007|In a strange world of swords, guns and kimonos, cell phones and cybernetic body parts - a black samurai, Afro Samurai, seeks revenge from a man named Justice who killed his father and also happens to be the #1 fighter in the world. After Afro earns the rank of #2 fighter needed to challenge the #1, he starts his lonely walk to revenge. He faces bounty hunters, bar thugs and fanatical monks - all of whom seem to have clues to the whereabouts of Justice and all of whom covet the position of #2 for themselves. Also along the way we are introduced to Afro's chatty companion - the light hearted Ninja Ninja. Afro Samurai is the story of a Black samurai in a futuristic yet feudal Japan who is on a mission to avenge the wrongful death of his father. Afro is a warrior who travels a solitary path encountering a myriad of enemies, friends, and challenges beyond imagination. 
Afropop: The Ultimate Cultural Exchange|2008|AFROPOP: THE ULTIMATE CULTURAL EXCHANGE celebrates Africa's cultural and historical growth through six insightful films. These films, each introduced by acclaimed actor 'Idris Elba' (qv), explore the complex lives of contemporary Africans, both on the continent and abroad. The productions include an examination of the efforts of African AIDS activists, a profile of two young South African hip-hop disc jockeys, the touching story of one Cape Town boy's love for opera music and a look inside the blossoming Nigerian film industry. 
After 9, It Gets a Little Blue|2004|Chaos, mayhem, comedy and art in this packed episode of "After 9, It Gets a Little Blue" as Phoenix leads the audience through stand-up by Mal Ice, music from Jimmy Magoo, art created by Chad Wilkinson and, finally, a scathing look at the Entertainment News industry hosted by the indomitable Phil Adder. 
After Birth Alley|2017|Filmed at Canada's premiere open mic comedy room Comedy Monday Night. Stand-up comics from all over test out new jokes then are interviewed in the alley behind the club about their material. The interview takes place outside during the Canadian winter. 
After Dark with Julian Clark|2015|Adina Porter from WGN's "Underground" and The CW's "The 100" joins us a special guest. Adina chats about her journey from the stage to the screen, as well as her time on HBO's hit shows "True Blood" and "Newsroom." The night culminates in an epic dance-off for the ages. After Dark is the late night show for the digital age! 
After Elysium|2018|Amber and friends follow her sister Senna into Elysium, an alternate world created by the Gods; however with Elysium on the verge of war and Senna rumored to be the key to its throne, can Amber save Senna and will they ever be able to return home? 
After Forever|2017|Brian and Jason had it all. Their love and their marriage were both supposed to last forever. But when Jason unexpectedly dies, "forever" is cut short, and Brian must learn to negotiate not only his grief, but the world as a, now, single gay man in his early 50's. 
After Hell|????|The world after the apocalypse. The mission of John and Jane on a desolate planet called "God's End", seeking for Eve, the key to survival of the human race. It soon becomes clear that the procurement of food is the least of their problems. Living dead, which are controlled by God, apparently seeking to kill them. 
After Henry|1988|Sarah France is the 42-year-old widow of a GP, Henry. She lives in an often volatile family situation with her mother, Eleanor Prescott, and her daughter, eighteen-year-old Clare France, with both of whom she shares a house. After Henry's death, all three members of the family have to find a way to cope with each other as best they can. 
After Hours with Daniel Boulud|2006|Named for a popular icy neutral spirit (which the restaurant serves in a variety of flavored incarnations), Aquavit showcases the culinary creations of Chef Samuelsson. Born in Ethiopia, raised in Sweden, and schooled in culinary institutes aboard cruise ships, Samuelsson brings a world of influences and a remarkable talent to his bustling kitchen. 
After Hours|1989|An evening entertainment news channel that, on the surface, seemed fairly similar to most others of its kind: stories about the latest celebrity scandals, interviews with rock stars, actors, etc. (although with perhaps a more pronounced leaning toward sexual titilation) . It differed significantly, however, in its pacing. Billed as 'zapless TV' it changed from one story to the next at such a fast pace that viewers would supposedly feel that they were channel surfing without even touching the remote. 
After Hours: A Web Series|????|Heart-wrenching chaos at home causes Kenneth's behavior to turn one hundred and eighty degrees at work; Kyla's lavish lifestyle also takes a spin as she is to take on the challenge of learning about the virtue of humility; Celeste's brother, Trevor resurfaces back into Kyla's life as they paint their self portraits as the new age Bonnie and Clyde. Can Kenneth once again prove himself to be the same great boss he once was, despite his bed-ridden wife knocking on heaven's doors? How does Haylie handle love at first sight when somebody unexpectedly caters to her the affection she has been seeking her entire life? Will Celeste come to terms with her true self in which she has been covering up from the world so successfully? 
After Judgment|2008|Taking place 100 years after Judgment Day, Steven and a band of rag-tag survivors must struggle to survive in an unchanging world. When they catch sight of a young boy, the only remaining child, they discover that he may be the key to them getting into Heaven. Now the chase is on to find the boy...before the "Trainers" do. Judgment Day has come. Most of the world's population and all children have simply vanished. Those remaining cannot die, do not age and exist on an Earth; cursed, frozen in time, where all sources of power and energy have ceased and where daylight never ends. 100 years later, the last chance for redemption rests on an unlikely soul: Steven, a man once of the church, but now devoid of all hope or faith. After a fateful meeting with a kindred lost soul, he has a prophetic vision - that of a young boy - the one rumored key to the last remaining gate of Heaven, a gate that will soon close forever. Followed by a band of strangers, Steven races to find the boy and the gateway while faced with the startling revelations that people are once again becoming mortal and that nuclear power is being harnessed by a fanatic visionary set on throwing what's left of the world into tyranny and violence. Steven's journey will put him through Herculean tests where much is lost but which illuminate the true nature of his existence and the unique bond that he shares with the Boy, the strangers and with the Universe...all with an ultimate revelation of biblical proportions. 
After Lately|2011|The show is a mockumentary behind-the-scenes look at the _"Chelsea Lately" (2007)_ (qv) show. The show's host and creative leader 'Chelsea Handler' (qv) likes to think of her staff, especially the writing staff, as family, albeit a highly dysfunctional family where she is the only bright one amid a bunch of morons. Her writing staff is comprised of stand-up comedians who double as on-air personalities. The two special cases among her staff are her assistant, 'Chuy Bravo' (qv), her "Little Nugget" who basically does nothing around the set but look cute, and the show's chef, her one true family member on set, her brother 'Roy Handler' (qv) who she treats equally as bad as her writing staff. Most of the characters, portrayed by their real life selves, are highly exaggerated versions of their real life. After Lately is an American television comedy. The series depicts, in documentary style, the behind the scenes goings-on at the office of the late-night talk show Chelsea Lately. The cast is made up of the actual writers and performers of Chelsea Lately, who play themselves as they suffer the indignities and relish the perks of show business, bicker and argue over trivial and petty matters, compete for show air time and personal approval from Chelsea, and attempt produce a nightly late-night cable comedy show. Celebrity guest stars regularly appear, playing parody versions of themselves, interacting with Chelsea and the cast. 
After MASH|1983|Mildred takes a bus to Poplar Bluff, Missouri to visit her sister leaving Sherman to fend for himself. After a futal attempt to devour a frozen dinner, he heads to a local club to get a bite to eat. There he has various run-ins with his boss, VA administrator, Michael Angelo, Klinger, and Father Mulcahy, each adding more to his dine out pleasure than expected. 
After Midnight with Ethan Steele|2017|Sketch comedy talk show host Ethan Steele cleverly challenges our First Amendment Right to the Freedom of Speech. The cast and crew of his talk/comedy variety show are a circus of misfits who while talented, unwittingly sabotage the show. Steele, a father of four, with his faux Zen, pill-popping, pot-smoking wife, who all have their own proclivities, round out the cast. Now in the Midwest, Ethan and his wife Bethany must deal with many past friendships coming to a head that have been lingering from both their lives dating back to their flee from L.A. Sex, drugs, and rock-and-roll, can seemingly harmless fun last forever, or will paranoia be Ethan's destroyer? Is freedom really free? Surely someone has to pay the price. Is it really true that "Nothing good happens after midnight?" 
After Nightfall|2018|"After Nightfall" is a new six part web series set to debut in January 2018. When a teen is killed in a rural town, everyone is a suspect - but just who killed Troy McLeavey? The suspects are many, his family, his Uncle and his drug connections, his boyfriend, his ex-boyfriend, their homophobic parents, the school bully, the predatory bookshop owner or the police themselves. 
After You've Gone|2007|Ann is unable to return home for Christmas so Jimmy decides to have a family Christmas,which excludes Siobhan,to her annoyance. He and Diana argue over the decorations and over the school play - a modern dress version of 'Sleeping Beauty' though,when Diana takes over as its directrix she reverts it to a traditional setting and asks Jimmy to provide the scenery. When he refuses she threatens to spend Chriostmas in Italy,forcing him to come up with the scenery - which he just manages on time. He and Diana make up and wish each other a happy Christmas though Kev is put out that there is no office party. 
After the 80|2016|After the 80 is the premiere rugby league panel show for Ipswich and South-East Queensland. Queensland Times sports writer Ben Wilmott and Ipswich Rugby League's Anthony "Bomber" Breeze present the latest news and results from the IRL, Intrust Super Cup and NRL. 
After the Attack|2008|In 2007 the Hamm's go hiking in a California state park when a cougar pounces on Jim, viciously mauling him. In 2003 Hannah Strobbe took a shortcut behind her home where she was trampled by a 900 lb moose. Will they be able to move on After the Attack? 
After the Bell Rings|2014|Ty Macdougall is a former amateur golden boy looking to box his way to a Canadian title. Now that he's moved to Edmonton and found a new gym, Ty explains his struggle to keep boxing in his life -- he is currently training for an upcoming fight with a former opponent: Gary Kopas. The heated fight turns into a slug-fest that's cheered on by Calgary fans, but the outcome of the match was not what either fighter expected. Afterwards Ty has to make tough choices to keep his hopes for a title shot alive. 
After the Catch|2007|Revisit the legendary moments from season four of Deadliest Catch as well as some new ones. The skippers will recount violent storms, monster waves, and the treacherous ice pack. Spike Walker spins more tales from Alaska's icy waters, and local Gloucester fishermen recount some legendary stories about fishing on the East Coast. They'll ALL wax on about the most legendary day in crabbing history: Black Sunday, and one of Deadliest Catch's legendary cameramen will sidle up to reveal the behind-the-scenes goods about filming on a crab boat. 
After the Climb|2007|After The Climb is a four part mini-series that allows us to meet the climbers associated with the Discovery series "Everest: Beyond the Limit." The show is hosted by Phil Keoghan (Amazing Race), and in addition to the many series regulars, it also introduces some of the greatest Everest mountaineers alive. Thie scene is set in an upscale lodge, where the climbers sit around the hearth and talk about the challenges involved in tackling the highest mountain in the world. 
After the End|2016|The phenomenon of sudden death affects young people in a strange way with unknown reasons .. Which makes the officials take a serious step toward the search for the causes of the disease and ways stop it to avoid falling into a devastating disaster. 
After the First 48|2008|This episode revisits two cases from the past and provides updated details on the outcome of those cases. Ashes and Snow: A strangled woman is found in a partially burned car. Backyard Murder: A murder is borne from a gun sale that went wrong. 
After the Purge|2016|Set after an annual purge which was unable to be stopped - meaning crime is legal forever. A lonely survivor comes across an intermediating man who offers to help him survive. The man claims he knows the whereabouts of a forager base and will take him there if he allows him to help. It is up to the survivor to trust him or not. 
After the War|1989|Two boys Michael and Joe become friends when Joe arrives at St. George's school in England as a refugee student. Both are Jewish but one has grown up in a middle class English home, while the other has grown up under the spectre of the growing Nazi movemement. Their friendship lasts beyond school when both find careers in film. When they both fall for the same girl they must decide if she is worth destroying their friendship over. 
After the Warming|1989|Using "virtual reality" computer simulations, social journalist James Burke traces the Earth's history of ice ages and warming trends, and presents several possible scenarios caused by the greenhouse effect during the 1990s to 2050. The video release consists of two videos, "The Fatal Flower" and "Secret of the Deep." 
AfterBuzz TV's Spotlight On|2014|Mark Donica, Brandon Taylor & Jude S. Walko, discuss A&E Network and FYi Network's 1-hour Thanksgiving special for "Epic Meal Empire" over beers. The Nationally aired show "Epic Meal Empire" is based on the YouTube show "Epic Meal Time" and is the brainchild of Harley Morenstein. 
Afterlife|2005|Alison launches a frantic search for Robert after being shocked by a terrifying vision of him. She eventually bumps into Barbara, who reveals the lecturer has been admitted to intensive care. Sitting at his bedside, the medium detects the spirit of a nurse who has made it her mission to try and care for every patient admitted to the hospital. 
Aftermath with William Shatner|2010|William Shatner re-examines some of the biggest national news stories of the past two decades to find out how the lives of the people directly affected by these events have changed forever. Shatner gains exclusive access to the newsmakers -- heroes, villains, victims, family members and law enforcement -- at the heart of the stories, including those of Jessica Lynch, Bernard Goetz, Mary Kay Letourneau and the DC snipers, to separate the fact from the fiction, with archival footage and re-enactments helping to round out the storytelling. 
Aftermath|2016|The family seem to have found the perfect place to hold up when Karen bumps into an old friend who seems a little too flirty for Joshua's liking. Karen is the only one to hear the cries of a Banshee and Aunt Sally fights her way back to her family. 
Afternoon Express|2015|'Afternoon Express' is a live daytime television show that includes celebrity chat, cooking, health and lifestyle tips, fashion, topical debate, and musical performances. Broadcast from 'the loft' and hosted by some of South African's finest presenting talent, the show has a huge following and gives viewers an opportunity to interact and engage daily via social media and phone-in. 
Afterschool Starz|2010|AFTER SCHOOL STARZ is a ground breaking lighthearted Comedic style Sitcom, which focuses on the rise to fame, and consistent struggle of young, talented individuals. The Sitcom introduces characters who want to become Actors, Musician, Dancers, and Models. Many will find fame, while others learn valuable lessons that will last a life time. As the characters grow in their quest to become the best, we chronicle their good, bad, and humorist moments. 
Aftershock|2013|A TV drama remake of the Hong Kong Chinese blockbuster movie "Aftershock" about a family that got separated by an earthquake. Wang Deng and Wan Da are two siblings, a twin sister and twin brother. Born in a small town in China 1969 but 7 years later they got separated by an earthquake. Both of them wake up with memory loss, at age of ten Wan Da is still with his family but Wan Deng is adopted with another family and don't remember her old family. Now both at age of 20 they're successful, Wan Da is a successful businessman and father, while Wan Deng is a successful writer in Canada. However their headaches still hunts them and some fade memories starts to kick, will the memories of lost twin returns? 
Aftershock: Earthquake in New York|1999|New York, the city that never sleeps, is trapped in a nightmare of horror and destruction when a massive earthquake rocks the unsuspecting city. Countless lives are lost, families are torn apart, and chaos runs rampant as the mayor and former Fire Chief race to enact a city-wide emergency plan. An incredible story of undying courage in the face of unimaginable human tragedy. 
Aga kizi|2004|Mardin's one of the most powerful, rough aga, Osman Aga has a daughter called Biricik. He lost his wife at the birth of his daughter and never got married again. Osman Aga never wants her daughter to go to school because of his jealousy but Biricik persuades his father and gets the best degrees in her schoollife. After graduating from high school, she decides to go to university but her father doesn't allow. But without obtaining his permission, Biricik works very hard and takes the university examination. When the results of the exam reach to the house, unlike her father, Biricik gets so happy, she is admitted to Bogazici University. Osman Aga becomes insane because his daughter wants to leave the house and go to Istanbul for education. 
Agadam Bagdam Tigdam|2007|The show revolves around the Malhotra family, who have spent 12 years on Earth and have come from another planet called Zoltar. They look like human beings but are actually aliens. They have normal human lives but have more fun and encounter more trouble. With their relatives and gadgets from Zoltar, their alien secret is hard to keep from their neighbors. Sunny and Sunny's uncle Tappu is always causing Malhotra mayhem. Will they ever be caught? Their main problem is that if they would listen to music, green colored smoke starts coming out of their ears. 
Against All Odds|1992|A "reality show" that presented stories of real-life heroes from around the world. Using a combination of actual video footage, re-creations and interviews with eyewitnesses and family members, this show introduced America to people who had risked their lives to rescue others, people who managed to save themselves by only the slimmest of margins, and those who had somehow managed to survive against seemingly insurmountable odds. 
Against All Odds: In Search of a Miracle|2005|Experience what some have called the modern miracles of Israel through the eyes of a seasoned journalist, Michael Greenspan, and explore the question: why has Israel survived against all the odds? This 13 part dramatic television series, appropriately tilted, "Against All Odds: In Search of a Miracle", takes a fascinating journey into the documented stories of supernatural phenomenon, which birthed and preserved modern Israel. Eyewitness accounts and commentary by high ranking government officials, generals, soldiers, foreign leaders and rich dramatic recreations compel the audience to ask, are these events miracles? You decide... 
Against the Elements|2009|The race is on in this world-class sailing competition until colossal oceanic waterspout takes the lead. An earthquake shakes China and a massive landslide pummels tourists and endangered panda bears. Hurricane winds batter Florida and a trapped man fights for his life. Firefighters train at an abandoned house, but what happens next isn't a part of the lesson. 
Against the Grain|1993|Insurance salesman Ed Clemons has just taken on the task of coaching the slumping high school football team of the small, but football-crazy town of Sumpter, Texas. He is given just one season to turn the fumbling teens around, and he throws himself into the job wholeheartedly. Though his methods ruffle the feathers of the quiet little town, he manages to make some real progress with the players. 
Against the Law|1990|Simon MacHeath, a brash and firey lawyer, has left his job at a prestigious law firm to start his own practice. His reputation for exploding into emotional outbursts during trials has gotten him in to repeated confrontations with judges, but he has a very sincere compassion for his clients, many of whom are victims of an uncaring justice system. 
Against the Odds|2014|Amazingly well done documentary style series that utilizes interviews of the real men involved in extraordinary military conflict situations that, Against the Odds, lived to tell their story of heroism and resiliency. A great use of real world action clips from the battles themselves from all wars including WWII, Vietnam, Korea and Iraq. What some of these units of men went though to, in many cases, change the course of the wars is absolutely inspiring. 
Against the Wall|2011|Don Kowalski is furious as his firstborn Richie is under IA investigation for shooting a seemingly armed ghetto teenager, shocked that Abbie won't simply stand by big brother, whose partner, her secret lover Brody, is key to the case, but mother Sheila sides with her daughter while attending the victim's wake, although unwelcome. Meanwhile a well-reputed precinct mole proves hard to entrap. 
Against the Wind|1978|Mary Mulvane, an 18 year old Irish girl, is transported to New South Wales for seven years for doing little else than protecting her own property. She must endure the horror of transport to Australia, and years of anxiety as a convict. Mary, her friends and her family fight out their battle against a lively historical backdrop - Irelands 1798 Rebellion. Australia's Castle Hill Rebellion of 1804 and the 1808 Rum Rebellion. 
Agar Aur Jee Latay|2017|A story based on the consequences of an extremely strict and conservative father's self-proclaimed rules and regulations in the name of religious norms. The fanatic Abrar Ali's daughters and son, struggling to get rid of the suffocated environment of their home, face many hardships and meet wrong people in their lives. However, they manage to cope up with their difficulties themselves, while Abrar, after finding his lost love again, is busy in his own extra-marital romantic life, unaware of his responsibilities as a husband and father. 
Agasa KurisutÓ no meitantei Powaro to M‚puru|2004|1930s England; spirited teenager Mabel West is determined to live her life on her own terms. Her father agrees to let her leave her stuffy boarding school and seek employment in London. In the city, she works as a junior assistant to the famous Belgian detective, Hercule Poirot. Also accompanied by Poirot's assistant Hastings, secretary Miss Lemon, and Inspector Sharpe, the formidable team solve numerous exciting mysteries. However, Mabel does not forget her family and often travels to the countryside to stay with her great-aunt Marple. This shrewd older woman also has a reputation for solving puzzling mysteries. 
Agatha Christie's Marple|2004|Based on Agatha Christie's crime novels and short stories, the show follows the adventures of Miss Jane Marple, an elderly spinster living in the quiet little village of St Mary Mead. During her many visits to friends and relatives in other villages, Miss Marple often stumbles upon mysterious murders which she helps solve. Although the police are sometimes reluctant to accept Miss Marple's help, her reputation and unparalleled powers of observation eventually win them over. 
Agatha Christie's Poirot|1989|This whodunit series based on Agatha Christie's crime novels and short stories, is named after its star sleuth, Hercule Poirot, a famous former Belgian policeman, who settled for good in London after the war, soon so famous as an infallible private detective that he becomes a society figure in his own right. In each episode Poirot gets to solve a crime mystery -mostly murder(s)- for a paying client or otherwise catching his attention, generally along with his faithful English sidekick Captain Hastings and/or his Scotland yard 'friendly rival' Detective Chief Inspector Japp. In this long-running British TV series, David Suchet stars as Agatha Christie's enigmatic, eccentric and extremely intelligent detective Hercule Poirot. From England to the Mediterranean, accompanied by his elegant and trustworthy sidekicks, Captain Hastings, Chief Inspector Japp and Miss Lemon, Poirot pits his wits against a collection of first class deceptions. 
Agatha Raisin|2016|Agatha joins the local bell-ringers and quickly encounters discord when vicar's wife Sarah Bloxby suspects her husband Jez of having an affair with the leader, widowed Amanda Ballard. Amanda is found hanged from the bell-rope with a suicide note next to her but her life-style suggests foul play to Agatha, who discovers Amanda's ex-husband very much alive and paying for her expensive tastes. Jez comes under suspicion, having known Amanda before she came to the area, as does Amanda's old school-friend Steph, recently out of rehab. Agatha deduces that Amanda was killed by somebody she was black-mailing but that still leaves rather a lot of suspects. 
Age Appropriate|2017|Age Appropriate is the story of Carlie, a 40-something woman who finds herself facing financial struggles and a whole lot of singleness. We watch as she attempts to navigate life as a creative and "unconventional" woman who is uninterested in following societal norms. 
Age Before Beauty|2018|Age Before Beauty centers around an eclectic crew of characters who manage a family-owned beauty salon. This series allows us to view how they juggle life, love and adverse rivalries, all while striving to avoid the downfall of their salon. Watch out, because this peculiar family brings new meaning to the phrase family feud. 
Age Harassment|2015|Emiri Yoshii (Emi Takei) begins work at a general trading company. Due to her family's failure in business, she had to give up her dream of earning a MBA in America. Now, she hopes to become an executive of a company. Emiri is sent to the general affairs department at the trading company. She freaks out when she learns that lower level employees have to wear uniforms and she has to deal with everything from changing light bulbs to ordering business cards. Nonetheless, she works hard to pay off her family's debt. Emiri then finds herself in the crosshair of coworkers. Senior female employees are perturbed that she doesn't drink coffee with them and skips their gatherings. Meanwhile, the male employees like working with her, but only when they need an attractive women for matters like entertaining clients. The male employees do not give her serious work. Emiri, who appears popular among the male employees, soon becomes an outcast among the senior female employees. She becomes fed up with her situation and takes action. 
Age of the Do-Gooders|2010|Ian Hislop examines the work of Victorian "do-gooders" - campaigners who were responsible for bringing about social reform in Britain, abolishing injustices such as slavery and young children working in coal mines and mills, and for raising the age of consent. 
Agencies|2014|Take an inside look of what happens inside the world's top modeling agencies as they provide the essential element to fashion's multi-billion dollar industry - the models. From castings to trainings, go-sees to bookings, see how these professionals work with their talents in this very competitive, fast moving business. 
Agencija za SiS|2006|"The Agency for All & Everything" is run and founded by Spiridon Don Karamarkovic, an ex-soldier of French Foreign Legion. He has contacts within all structures, answers for any questions, but he's also the biggest stingy of all bosses in the world. The agency has a lot of various clients whose problems come up and solve from one episode to another. 
Agent 1001|2005|it revolves on one of the Egyptian intelligence files about the young Egyptian Amr the son of an Egyptian officer who was an Egyptian spy and was able to penetrate to the Israeli army and the community in a successful operation before 1973 war. 
Agent Carter|2015|The war is over and almost everyone has experienced a loss. Agent Peggy Carter has lost the love of her life. To top it off, when billionaire Howard Stark is accused of Treason, he secretly employs her to clear his name. With the help of Stark's butler, she embarks on a whimsical journey full of deceit, murder and controversy with a side of wise-cracking roommates. The first season takes place in 1946, with Peggy Carter having to balance the routine office work she does for the Strategic Scientific Reserve (SSR) in New York City with secretly assisting Howard Stark, who finds himself framed for supplying deadly weapons to enemies of the United States. Carter is assisted by Stark's butler, Edwin Jarvis, to find those responsible and dispose of the weapons. In the second season, Carter moves from New York City to Los Angeles to deal with the threats of the new Atomic Age by the Secret Empire in the aftermath of World War II, gaining new friends, a new home, and a potential new love interest. 
Agent X|2015|John travels in disguise to a party on a reclusive billionaire's island in the hopes of stealing a dangerous high tech weapon, code named Geryon. At the same time, Natalie struggles to contain the latest fallout from the conspiracy against the President. 
Agent raghav|2015|Agent Raghav Sinha (Sharad Kelkar) is a handsome guy with charismatic personality and exceptional skills of observation and deduction. He has a very high IQ and is an expert at reading a person's mind and body language. Raghav picked up these unique skills from his father, who was a renowned psychiatrist. However, at the age of 10, Raghav witnessed his father's murder at the hands of one of his own clients. 
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.|2013|After the Battle of New York, the world has changed. It now knows not only about the Avengers, but also the powerful menaces that require those superheroes and more to face them. In response, Phil Coulson of the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division assembles an elite covert team to find and deal with these threats wherever they are found. With a world rapidly becoming more bizarre and dangerous than ever before as the supervillains arise, these agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. are ready to take them on. S.H.I.E.L.D has now began a fresh start after the event of Captain America: The Winter Soldier, with Phil Coulson now the new director of S.H.I.E.L.D and staying in the shadows with new recruits, it's up to him and his team to stop HYDRA from taking scientific weapons to create terrorist attacks. After the events of Avengers one, the Stratiegic Homeland Intervention Enforcement: Logistics Division (S.H.I.E.L.D.) needs a team of agents to find out and fix alien events. This team includes Ward, May, Skye, Simmons, Fitz, and the man who lives, Agent Phil Coulson. This show follows the events of this team of many different skill and has many tie ins to the MCU movies. The first season sees S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent Phil Coulson putting together a small team of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents to handle strange new cases. They investigate Project Centipede and its leader, "The Clairvoyant", eventually uncovering that the organization is backed by Hydra, which has infiltrated S.H.I.E.L.D. In the second season, following the destruction of S.H.I.E.L.D., now-Director Coulson and his team look to restore trust from the government and public while dealing with Hydra, a faction of anti-superhuman S.H.I.E.L.D. agents, and the newly revealed Inhumans (who possess special abilities). During the third season, Coulson begins a secret mission to assemble the Secret Warriors, a team of Inhumans, as Hydra restores its ancient Inhuman leader Hive to power. After the defeat of Hive and with Hydra destroyed, S.H.I.E.L.D. is made a legitimate organization once again for the fourth season, with the signing of the Sokovia Accords. Coulson returns to being a field agent, due to the world believing he is dead, and is tasked with tracking down more enhanced people including Robbie Reyes / Ghost Rider. In addition, Agent Leo Fitz and Holden Radcliffe complete their work on the Life Model Decoy project as well as the development of the Framework. After the events of Avengers one, the Stratiegic Homeland Intervention Enforcement: Logistics Division (S.H.I.E.L.D.) needs a team of agents to find out and fix alien events. This team includes May, Daisy, Simmons, Fitz, and the man who lives, Agent Phil Coulson. This show follows the events of this team of many different skill and has many tie ins to the MCU movies. 
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.: Slingshot|2016|takes place shortly before the beginning of Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Season 4. The digital series features Elena "Yo-Yo" Rodriguez, an Inhuman with the ability to move at super-speed. As a person with powers, she must sign the Sokovia Accords. However, the restrictions of the Accords are in direct conflict with a personal mission she's desperate to fulfill, one that will test her abilities and will include tense encounters with S.H.I.E.L.D. team members. Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.: Slingshot takes place shortly before the beginning of Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Season 4. The digital series features Elena "Yo-Yo" Rodriguez, an Inhuman with the ability to move at super-speed. As a person with powers, she must sign the Sokovia Accords. However, the restrictions of the Accords are in direct conflict with a personal mission she's desperate to fulfill, one that will test her abilities and will include tense encounters with S.H.I.E.L.D. team members. 
Agentstvo skrytyh kamer|2016|The founder of the "Secret Hidden Camera Agency" Mikhail Troshin (Eduard Flerov) is a former FSB colonel who retired after an unsuccessful operation. In each series in his detective bureau appeals to customers who are at risk. Troshin's know-how is a hidden observation, which is much more effective than working with evidence and interrogations, where criminals are cleverly hiding the truth. The Agency has the technical means that connect to any electronic device recording an image or sound. This allows the Troshin team to prevent crimes and bring out intruders into clean water. 
Agigma psyhis|1998|A priest falls in love with a young artist. Their secret affair is revealed and the Media try to destroy both of them. Apart from their affair, the dirty past of the priest is discovered by a reporter. Nothing can stop them from being together. Or maybe someone can... 
Agnostos polemos|1971|Five circles of episodes built around the characters of Diagoras Vartanis, a colonel of the Counter-Espionage Service of Greece during WW2, Christina Psachou, his sister, and lieutenant Hector Psachos, his brother-in-law. in the first segment Italian spies kidnap Christina's child and force her to collaborate with them. In the second segment Hector Psachos has to confront a dangerous look-alike from Albania. In the third segment Vartanis pretends he is a traitor, in order to trap German spies. In the fourth segment the Nazis torture Virginia Dervou, an anti-fascist Greek woman. In the final segment the heroes move to the Middle East. 
Agon|1968|A powerful storm is raging in the dead of night, and a transport vehicle carrying uranium is forced to stop due to a landslide blocking off the road on the mountain pass they were traveling on. As the driver tried to contact the transport's headquarters, a second landslide from the heavy rain comes crashing down onto the vehicle, sending it over the edge of a cliff and into the sea below. The storm is the result of an intense typhoon striking Japan, leaving hundreds dead and several hundreds more without homes. Reports from the survivors begin to pour in to the City News Division, leaving every reporter on staff manning the phones to take down any new information regarding the storm. One reporter, Goro Ryouji, nicknamed the "Suppon", arrives late, much to the anger of his boss, but he reveals that he's following up on the transport vehicle's crash. He also lets his boss know that the news division's competitors don't know about this yet, so Goro has an exclusive scoop at the time. The next day, the National Atomic Energy Center and the police have begun to investigate the area near where the vehicle went off the edge. Detective Yamato arrives to ask Dr. Ukyo if there have been any readings of radioactivity, to which the doctor nods and wonders if the vehicle was completely washed to sea. Goro soon arrives, revealing his information on both Yamato and Ukyo before revealing that he knows about the special uranium that it was containing, Uran X. As the three talk, they begin to hear strange roaring noises near the mountainside, which one of the police officers refers to as the "Tengu's Great Trumpet Shell", a large cave that funnels air in such a way to produce the sound. Goro rushes into the cave to explore it, only to run back out in a panic exclaiming that something has appeared. A strange light appears from the tunnel, which Goro says was a one-eyed monster, but as the four look on in fear, the light goes out, and a young boy with a flashlight, Monta, comes out of the cave. Yamato asks where Monta found the flashlight, and after some coaxing, it is revealed that it was from the transport vehicle and that he found it amongst the rocks. Goro and the others suddenly begin to hear a loud noise behind them, likewise noticing that one of the Geiger counters pointed out towards the ocean is reading levels off the scale. As they look out towards the ocean, a large, reptilian creature slowly breaches the surface. The next day, news of the creature begins sweeping the news, and Goro and Yamato, on their way to the Atomic Research Center to see Dr. Ukyo, begin to wonder why the monster has decided to appear now. As they're making their way towards the center, they are forced to stop when a dog sitting on the road refuses to move out of the way. Goro tries to coax the dog off to the side when a young woman appears and tells Goro that the dog won't let them pass because it has the common sense to know that smoking isn't allowed at the center. Once Goro puts out his cigarette, the dog walks off to the side of the road, and Yamato, joking that Goro lost, drives on, leaving the reporter to chase after him on foot. Dr. Ukyo arrives and begins to tell him that he has information regarding Agon, the name he has given to the monster. He reveals that it is a mutated dinosaur from the Jurassic period. Believing it to have been dormant under the ocean, Ukyo suggests that the mutation is a result of nuclear bomb tests in the Pacific. The woman from the road, Satsuki Shizukawa, appears, and Dr. Ukyo reveals that she is his research assistant. Just then, she receives a phone call reporting that the center's uranium storage checking meter is showing an abnormality. With no issues with the uranium fuel, Goro, Yamato, Dr. Ukyo, Satsuki, and several other scientists make their way towards the beach and begin to pick up high radioactive readings. Dr. Ukyo sends Satsuki to return to the center to alert the authorities, but as Agon appears and begins to tear through the forest, Satsuki falls and her leg gets pinned under a tree. As Goro and the others reach the Research Center to begin to evacuate the facility, he realizes that Satsuki hasn't arrived. Satsuki tries desperately to pull her leg free from under the tree, but as Agon approaches, the weight of the creature opens up a large fissure in the ground, and the ground underneath her gives way, causing the scientist to fall down into it. 
Agony|1979|20 half-hour episodes. Jane Lucas, an Agony Aunt with a call-in radio show, has her own set of troubles with her very Jewish mother and her husband Laurence. Then there's the crazy lives of her station co-workers and the nice gay couple who live upstairs. 
Agoro the Phobic Monster|2016|This is a show for the internet. It's an absurd reflection of the way you live when your not online - without being pre-occupied with social media. If we have to get all academic about it the show is a satirical examination of 'cocooning culture' and 'the mutilation of social gooditude' - i.e. Shut-Ins and the wonderful world of spending too much time inside. Conceptually the show is 'muppets in the modern age', we don't mean 'brightly coloured, singing things in a modern setting', what we're talking about is the answer to the question: 'what if the concept was invented today by independent filmmakers?' The series itself draws from the aesthetic of 'The Muppets', the format of 'Strongbad Emails' and the premise of 'ALF' while borrowing from the comedic tone of 'Regular Show', 'The Simpsons' and 'South Park' - among several dozen other inspirational movies, TV shows and comics that no-one in our core target demographic has heard of, or remembers... which will make you think our ideas are fresh and original. 
Agosto|1993|The series tells the story of a criminal investigation into the murder of the businessman Paulo Gomes de Aguiar, at the beginning of August. During the Vargas government crisis, the case is taken by the police commissioner Alberto Mattos, an honest and incorruptible man, who is not well regarded by colleagues, since the place is totally surrendered to corruption. 
Agriculture|2016|Agriculture imagines a world where food production takes place in huge hydroponic farms under the ground. David is the sole operator of a new facility growing a top secret experimental crop that could solve the food crisis. David is a Hand and works for The Farmer - but is The Farmer all he appears to be? Written and directed by Grant Watson and starring Shane Taylor and Tanya Franks - Agriculture is a thrilling Sci-Fi web series. 
Agronsky & Co.|1976|The show origins were with a show titled Martin Agronsky: Evening Edition on a local PBS affiliate in Washington, WETA, in 1971 The re-titled showed went national in 1976 on PBS affiliates and syndicated by the shows producer, the Post-Newsweek company. The host Martin Agronsky was a distinguished journalist who gained national prominence as the host of the long running CBS interview show "Face the Nation". At the time, Face the Nation used the dominant format for the network Sunday morning interview shows. Similar to a press conference, a prominent figure in politics or the news would be interviewed by a panel of reporters and journalists. Each panelist would ask their questions in turn, with no interaction with each other. In contrast, the Agronsky show popularized the "Journalist Round Table Discussion" format used by other more well more known shows, such as the McLaughlin Group and PPS's Washington Week in Review. Each week, a group of noted journalists engaged in a free wheeling discussion on a wide range of hot button issues moderated by Agronsky. Many other news show, notably ABC's This Week David Brinkley began incorporating the format into segments of the show. Agronsky & Co is most often compared to the McLaughlin Group. However, the style of the hosts could not be more different. Where Martin Agronsky was a calming influence on the sometimes heated discussions, John McGlaughlin is known to raise the decibel levels and stir things up. Several of the Agronksy regulars moved on to those shows, most notably columnist and author George Will. Other prominent regulars on the show included Time Magazine editor Hugh Sidey and journalists Elizabeth Drew, Carl Rowan and James J. Kilpratrick. Kilpatrick gained fame in the 1970s for his contentious commentary in 60 minutes "Point-Counter Point" segment". Rowan was a pioneering black journalist. Although tame by today's standard, the contentious exchanges between the very conservative and Kilpatrick and very liberal Rowen foreshadowed a style of discussion that some call "food fight" TV. With Agronsky & Co., Drew and Will provided more calmed reasoning from the left and right, with Sidey appearing to be the quintessential moderate. After the show ended in 1987, several of the cast members, including Drew and Sidey participated in a show distributed by the same producer that could be considered a successor series. However, it never gained the prominence of the ground breaking Agronsky & Co. Martin Agronsky passed away in 1999. 
Aguamarina|1997|Illiterate, impoverished flower vendor Aguamarina meets an attractive wealthy young man in the fashion industry who flirts with her, causing her to lose her job when she responded by throwing the water from the flowers and his face. As penance, he finds her a position hasn't made in the ho of his wealthy girlfriend and her family. The usual novela twists and turns ensue, with both Aguamarina and her suitor being led to believe the other was responsible for the tragedies in which each lost both parents. Eventually, Aguamarina goes into seclusion to protect herself from the wealthy (but deranged) employer after becoming pregnant. While away, Aguamarina is helped to become literate and to learn modeling, returning as the masked mystery model everyone wants to 
Agujetas de color de rosa|1994|Elisa and her children, Paola, Daniel and Anita fall victim to the conspiracies of Elisa's overbearing mother-in-law as she plots, together with her powerful lawyer friend, Julian Ledezma to have them disinherited. Amidst all the problems encountered, Paola manages to find her emotional escape through the sport she loves the most, ice skating. Meanwhile, Gonzalo David father of two sons, struggles to keep his family together after his wife abruptly abandons the family. The fates of these two families become tangled in a powerful dramatic story full of love, intrigue and suspense... 
AgustÌn Lara, Con alma de pirata|2001|This programs explores the life and music of AgustÌn Lara, one of Mexico's gifts to the world. The compositions from his intimate collection ''Flaco de Oro'' have remained recorded in popular memory. His melodies and lyrics, his voice and his unforgettable personality reveal the fruits of an extraordinarily gifted man who was completely dedicated to music, to beauty, to the love of women and to pleasure. This is an homage to that great romantic with a pirate's soul. 
AgËncia de viatges|1993|This series is based in the relationships between the people working at a travel agency and the events occasioned by some of their oddest clients. "Cucurella Tours" is a travel agency founded in early 70's. When old Cucurella, the founder, dies, the business goes to his eldest son, Ventura, but his brother Octavi will try to control the business at any price. 
Ah polis olsam|2006|According to his plan, anyone can become a police officer after undertaking a brief training session. To sabotage his plan, the chief of police picks the most ineffective and brainless of the applicants, hoping to give a fruitless start and abort the project entirely. Things don't go according to his plan, when with luck and courage, these men who are futile in every other aspect of their lives, finish the training and go on to catch long-time sought-after criminals, causing plenty of havoc along the way. 
Ah wong sun juen|2005|Ah Wong is a 30 year old man with an IQ of a little boy, however, he seems to find ways to make everyone around him happy and lucky. Ah WOng grew up with his best friend Catherine, who he always called her "Little Wife". Throughout the childhood years, Ah Wong replies very much on Catherine until she decided to study in New York. The two of them had to separate for 4 years. Ah Wong gave all his savings to Catherine, and he was thinking of marrying her when she returned. Catherine graduated and came back to Hong Kong and worked for Chung Kam-Wing's firm. At work, Catherine met Michael, Wing's son. And Ah-Wong luckily can work in the company too because later Wing found out Ah Wong is his lost son... 
Ah! Eleni|1992|Eleni is a woman that really loves her husband,Antonis. However,he is tired of her and one day he decides to leave their house. Alone and abandoned she will have to learn how to be independent. She will start looking for a job and a new lover but it won't be easy for her. Her friends,Yiorgos and Klery,will try to help her deal with her new life. 
Ahmed & Salim|2009|Ahmed and Salim are two teenagers living in the Middle East who want to have a normal life playing video games and watching television, but their terrorist father is always forcing them to do jihad, which usually backfires at them at the end of each episode. 
Aho Girl|2017|Yoshiko Hanabatake is an idiot. She is so ditzy she gets zero on all her tests, she just wants to play and run around all day and not ponder her future, and she loves bananas. Her closest friends are Akuru Akutsu, a smart and serious student, and Sayaka Sumino, a kind and level-headed schoolgirl; both of whom must put up with Yoshiko's escapades. 
AhornTV|2009|Meet Rike, an 11-Grader from British Columbia's Interior. Her passion is rodeo. She has 6 horses at home and trains every day to win a saddle at the BC High School Rodeo Finals. If she wins, she could make it to the nationals and receive a scholarship from a university in Colorado. (This segment shot by Josias Tschanz and crew). Other segments: A visit to North Vancouver's Grouse Mountain and a conversation with Alan Franey and Volker Goetze at the Vancouver International Film Festival 2012 (by Mass Abedi). 
Ai jiu zhai yi qi|2009|Superstar, Chuang Chun-Nan aka Mars ('Jiro Wang' (qv)), hits a low when negative publicity hits mainstream leaving him rock bottom and without a home. After his entire life is downsized, he returns to school and finds himself renting a room from his classmate, Chen Mo-Mo ('Rainie Yang' (qv)). Everything turns upside down for Mo-Mo when Mars enters her simple yet peaceful life. This agoraphobic homebody suddenly grows a backbone. Is love in the air for this pair from two different sides of the planet? What happens when you're afraid to go out into the world but a twist of fate brings the unwanted world to you? Chen Mo-Mo ('Rainie Yang' (qv)) is a young woman who suffers from agoraphobia, which makes her feel anxiety in public places or in an overly crowded setting. So she doesn't like to venture out and prefers to stay in the safety of her home. But her safe haven becomes less so when she takes in Chuang Chun-Nan (Jiro Wang), a superstar who goes by the name "Mars," as a tenant. Mars has hit financial rock bottom after a series of scandals and negative publicity. 
Ai monogatari|1991|A selection of snippets, all focusing on love and its varying aspects: I Want To Hold Your Hand: A shy young man dreams of getting close to a tough girl. Hero: Will two members of their old school rugby team confess their feelings to each other? Let's Spend The Night Together: A young couple spend the night together, then the man discovers his partner is a yakuza's moll... Stop The Time: A young man finds the love of his life has lost her memory, including her times with him. Betrayal In The City: a man devises a plan to break up with his girlfriend. Can he pull it off? I Can't Stop Loving You: A man is afflicted with doubts on the eve of his wedding. Those Were The Days: A yakuza sets out to crack a fierce young woman. Lion and Pelican: The life of a sportstar and the woman who stood by him. White Christmas: An editor and reporter meet on Christmas to review their work. 
Ai nante iranÍ yo, natsu|2002|Rage, a pimp who only loves money and himself, is sent to jail for 6 months. While he is in the jail, Rage's partner, Reiji, dies in a traffic accident. Released from prison, Rage finds himself having lost everything but a debt of 6 million dollars. One day, Rage is visited by a lawyer that mistakes him for Reiji. According to the lawyer, Reiji's father died and left him a large inheritance. Reiji's only other living relative is his blind sister. Rage smells money and hatches a plan to pretend to be Reiji and steal his money. 
Ai no Kusabi: Remake|2012|The story is set in the future on the planet named Amoi which is controlled by a supercomputer named Jupiter. Among the mostly male human population, the light-haired elite class is allowed to temporarily keep the dark-haired "mongrels" as pets. One elite member, Iason, encounters a mongrel named Riki in the slums and decides to take him in. However, Iason keeps Riki longer than it is socially approved, and rumors abound about their possible relationship. 
Ai no gakko cuore monogatari|1981|Based on the novel od Edmundo de Amicis (Coure, childs diary). It talks about the adventures Of a Group of frinds and their teacher. They will read pasagges that with let then learn and experience really adventures every sat, as if you were reading a Diary. One of the best adaptations Of a book. Enrique, GarrÛn, Crosi and all the gang will make you have great moments. 
Ai no wakakusa monogatari|1987|'Louisa May Alcott' (qv)'s autobiographical account of her life with her three sisters in Concord, Massachusetts in the 1860s. With their father fighting in the American Civil War, sisters Jo, Meg, Amy and Beth are at home with their mother, a very outspoken women for her time. The story tells of how the sisters grow up, find love and find their place in the world. 
Ai nostri|2017|Two completely different families, Ciorba and Ghica, have a single thing in common, which, unfortunately, they can't avoid: the love between their kids. The two children from the families, Irina and Horatiu, fall in love and they decide to take the big step: marriage. Although the interests of the two families have no common point, the young lovers are convinced that this will not be an obstacle to happiness. A large family: _"Ai nostri" (2017)_ (qv) 
Ai qing he yue|2004|Outwardly, Xiao Feng (Ariel Lin) is a stubborn tomboy and the captain of the Kendo Club at her college. In her group of friends, she is the leader with her demanding nature and abrupt ways. Inwardly however, Xiao Feng is a girl scarred by her past and searching for what she wants most, love. Her friends, Ah Kai (Zhang Rui Jia), Xiao Bai (Lai Zhi Wei), Mu Tou (Lin Yi Hong), Xin Lei (Chung Hsin Yu, and, Xiao Xiao (Yang Pei Ting) don't know about that part of her past but they are all loyal friends to Xiao Feng; that is, until Xiao Bai and Ah Kai leave the Kendo Club for the Swim Team. Xiao Bai and Ah Kai are immediately regretful when the captain of the Swim Team, Ah Ken, turns out to be a captain as grueling as Xiao Feng. When one night Xiao Feng announces to her friends she wants love the most, Xiao Bai and Ah Ken devise a prank called the love contract. In exchange for finding swim team members to recruit, Ah Ken must court Xiao Feng. 
Ai shang ge men|2015|This special episode takes us through the highlights of Zi Feng and Ya Nuo's relationship from the sworn brotherhood, the awkward misunderstandings to falling in love to the decision to spend the rest of their lives together. Plus a look behind the scenes to see the charming stars in action. (DramaFever.com) 
Ai shimai|2001|When a poor housewife named Yukie has a traffic accident, she is ordered to pay a large settlement to Taketo, son of the president of Nogawa Industries. Unable to make the payment, Yukie allows Taketo to have her sexually. Takato's vile plot traps the stepmother as she sinks into lusty desire. While his demands escalate, Yukie's stepdaughter, Rumi, tries to use her sexuality to make penance for her mother's mistake, and a sincere older stepsister and a curious younger stepsister are doomed to become love slaves. 
Ai shimai: Tsubomi... yogoshite kudasai|2004|Katori is attracted to an enigmatic new student at her University named Koshiro. She remembers his face from when he saved her younger sister from a band of rapists in the past. However, rumors abound that Koshiro is sleeping with his teachers, and has some kind of hidden agenda against the school and her mother. When Koshiro's plan goes into motion, Katori, her sister, and her mother will all be in on the action. 
Ai shÙjo Porianna monogatari|1986|Based on the two "Glad Books" by Eleanor H. Porter, Pollyanna is a newly orphaned girl sent to live with her strict Aunt Polly in the town of Beldingsville. With her love for gladness, Pollyanna manages to cheer up the depressed, the lonely and the sick. The day in which she is involved in a terrible accident, not even the little girl knows if she'll be able to ever be glad for anything again. 
Ai yori aoshi 'enishi'|2003|It has been one year since the end of Ai Yori Aoshi, and not much has changed. Kaoru and Aoi are still keeping their love a secret. Kaoru has finished college and is now writing his thesis for a doctor's degree. He is even working part-time at the university institute. Of course, all of the other girls (except for Miyabi) all have crushes on Kaoru, and continue to try and win his heart. Kaoru and Aoi know that they can't hide their love from everyone forever... 
Ai yori aoshi|2002|Kaoru Hanabishi is a college student with a mysterious and painful past, involving his wealthy family whom he walked out on years ago. He encounters a young girl, newly arrived from the countryside, and takes her in to assist her in adjusting to urban life. He discovers to his shock that the girl is his childhood fiancÈe Aoi Sakuraba, whom he was engaged to before he left his family... and who has left her home and come a great distance to be with her betrothed. Can this couple manage to live and survive together in the cruel and harsh world? 
Aidan 5|2009|Set in a futuristic city, AIDAN 5 chronicles the journey of one detective who must unravel the mystery behind the serial killings of his own clones. This 15-episode living comic book is told through a unique style of film making and sketched art. Based on the award-winning 48-hr film festival short, AIDAN 5 is a no-budget, science fiction web series made solely with an all-volunteer cast & crew under pressured time restrictions. The goal: to create an ambitious series with creativity and determination as the only resources. 
Aidan Park: On the F List|2015|Aidan Park is comic and stand up comedian in Los Angeles. But unfortunately NO ONE CARES. Because he is not famous. After realizing that you are nothing in Hollywood without name recognition and fame, Aidan Park will pull out all stops to make sure he claws and scratches his way out from the F-List up to at least a level of a D-! From spinning signs on the street, begging like a homeless man, taking part in Baby Fetish Wrestling (?!) and other acts of desperation, Aidan is determined to take Hollywood by storm. 
Aieonmaen|2014|oo Hong Bin, the CEO of a game company, has got everything. He is capable, rich and even good-looking. However, this perfect guy lacks in one thing. He is so ill-tempered. The worst guy on the planet. One day, this supercilious guy turns into a monster. When it rains, he becomes furious and some blades are coming out from his body. Moreover, Se Dong, a woman with a bright personality and Chang, his first love's son appear making him confused. 
Aika|1997|Tokyo has been sunk into the ocean, along with most of the world, during a large-scale land subsidence! Aika Sumeragi is a salvager who works for a small company run by a father and daughter tandem. Alas, the company isn't exactly successful, and money is needed desperately. Thus, Aika accepts the very dangerous job of acquiring an artifact called Lagu for a hefty sum. The boss's daughter Aida Rion joins Aika on this particular mission, and the two set off. From the creator of Project A-Ko! She's sexy, suave and sophisticated, but she's no bimbo. She's a martial arts expert and a jet fighter pilot with the body of a supermodel. She's Aika, and she's one of the best secret agents in the business. Armed with her trusty, semi-sentient super-battle bustier, no risk is too great! 
Aiko & Jack Go to ...|2010|Aiko & Jack decide to visit Darwin in June, 2011. Aiko has been there before and wants to show Jack some of its highlights - Kakadu National Park, Katherine Gorge, and Litchfield National Park. On the way back they have a stopover in Sydney as well. 
Ailiseu|2009|Hyun-Jun makes contact with the secret man that saved his life in Hungary, in order to find out more about IRIS and his parents. Seong-Hee has become obsessed, once again, with finding Hyun-Jun, which is getting her in trouble with the NSS. 
Aim High|2011|After Amanda ditches Nick, he sneaks out and goes to Marcus's house and decides to quit being an agent, it's really cutting into hissocial life. Nick is feeling great, until he logs on to the Nightly Intruder. Derik also confronts Nick about Amanda. 
Aimless|2012|Barely thirty and lost, Adam tries to make his way out of adolescence. Adam is the latest addition to a famed Los Angeles party house that formerly hosted The Eagles, Ke$ha and IMA ROBOT. Reeling from the engagement of his unrequited love, Victoria, Adam meets a less bashful Cat who has crashed his bathroom during a routine Tuesday night party. 
Ain't It Cool with Harry Knowles|2012|Douglas Trumbull drops by the basement and we chat about his career and the future of cinema that he is creating in his secret laboratory in Massachusetts! The master visualist is responsible for some of the greatest images ever committed to film. 
Ain't Misbehavin|1994|Shy and harmless Stationary shop owner Clive Quigley is shocked when, one day, wild and successful hairdresser shop owner Sonia Drysdale burst into his life and tells him the horrible news that Clive's wife, Melissa, is having an affair with Sonia's husband, Dave. The two of them team up to try and put an end to the affair. Clive and Sonia agree to not tell each spouse that they know of the affair but tried every way to stop Melissa's and Dave's meetings. Meanwhile, Clive's behaviour and Sonia's plans makes Clive's assistant in the shop, Mrs. Whales, think that Clive is coming onto her and this annoyed her husband. Also as time goes on, Dave and Melissa's relationship starts to crumble, thanks partly to Clive and Sonia's plans, and that Clive and Sonia are slowly falling for each other... Clive Quigley starts the series thinking he is happily married to his wife Melissa, but Sonia Drysdale comes along and informs him that her husband Dave is having an affair with Melissa. Clive only believes her after spying on Melissa and Dave together, and even contemplates suicide. He and Sonia then joins arms to split up the affair, but they do not know that Melissa and Dave haven't actually committed adultery yet. Sonia and Clive hire a private detective called Chuck Purvis. The other characters were Lester and Ramona Whales. Ramona was Clive's secretary, whom her jealous husband Lester always thought was having an affair with Clive. 
Ain't Misbehavin'|1997|"Ain't Misbehavin'" is a delightful wartime comedy about two very different bandsmen (Eddie and Eric) and their misadventures with gangsters, romance, and black-marketing in Blitz-time London. 
Ainsi soient-ils|2012|Political intrigue surrounding a Paris Capuchin monastery describes only one aspect of "Ainsi Soient-ils (Churchmen)". It's not overly melodramatic, and, while respecting the core humanitarianism of Christianity, it pulls no punches lambasting church hierarchy. The series follows the lives of five seminarians and the power struggle between the seminary head and his superiors in Rome, as well as the dissonance of a medieval religious institution in a modern, secular society. 
Air America|1998|Rio and his buddy Wiley are supposedly just ordinary pilots working for the Latin American air transport company Air America. In truth, they are undercover secret agents receiving their orders directly from the State Department in Washington. As part of their duties they investigate international crime, protect witnesses, rescue people who need rescuing, and occasionally get themselves out of messes that their boss, Furman, keeps getting them into as he tries to line his own pockets. 
Air Australia|2007|Australia's airline history is a saga of daring feats, can-do attitude, pig-headed visionaries, iron-fisted politicians, warring pilots; of humble beginnings and mega deals. The story begins in World War One with the death-defying exploits of four bold young airmen-Norman Brearley, Charles Kingsford Smith, Wilmot Hudson Fysh and Paul McGinness-who would go on to establish Australia's first airlines. Encouraged by Prime Minister Billy Hughes, they were among the brave and stubborn men responsible for conquering the tyranny of distance, within our vast continent and between it and Europe. They faced difficult, often dangerous conditions-marred at the start by accidents and fatalities, but highlighted by ground-breaking, headline-grabbing flights. Behind the scenes, however, battles were fought in boardrooms and with backers and bureaucrats to keep the airlines aloft. Gradually, businessmen replaced aviators at the helm of the companies, and take-overs rather than take-offs became front-page news. In an era of corporate giants like Sir Reginald Ansett, Sir Peter Abeles, Robert Holmes a Court and Rupert Murdoch, the stakes climbed even higher... Air Australia revisits this grand but turbulent history. 
Air Disasters|2011|Should be Season 4 Episode 3 As a typhoon bears down on Taiwan, Singapore Airlines Flight 006 hurtles down the runway through high winds and rain. But before it even leaves the ground, the 747 erupts in a fireball, fed by thousands of gallons of fuel, killing almost half of the passengers. 
Air Dogs|2008|It called the Garmin 1000, Diamond aircraft in London Ontario has pioneered it. A new kind of glass cockpit for private pilots. It looks like an Airbus 320 inside, two screens, and an incredible amount of information. G1000 is a revolution in flying that will change the way bush pilots fly up north. Computers, plot positions on maps, calculate fuel burn. Hundreds of pilots have lost their lives getting lost, the G1000 should put an end to that. We see G1000 at work in the Lancair4p the highest flying pressurized kit plane in the world. It flies at 340 miles per hour, and flies at 43000 feet. It is pressurized through a unique new system. We ask why an aircraft needs to be pressurized, we travel to Simon Fraser university to interview Andrew Blaber, a scientist who studies the effects of low oxygen on the human body. He shows us Canada's most powerful hyperbaric chamber, capable of producing conditions found at 100 thousand feet. Blaber has learned that we can monitor a person's eye balls, for signs of hypoxia (lack of oxygen at altitude). It is a break through in aero medical research that has NASA now using Blabers work. Expert: Andrew Blaber: Canadian 
Air Force One Is Down|2013|Captain Fergus Markej (Jeremy Sisto) has reason to celebrate - he managed to catch the Serbian criminal, General Dragutin (Rupert Graves). He was sentenced to life in prison for war crimes, he no longer stands in the way of Serbia to join the NATO alliance. But Markej it still seen as a threat, convinced that the general behind bars still in contact with terrorists Petrovic (Ken dunk). Markejevi fear appears to be justified when the Air Force van on the way to Serbia crashes in the Adriatic Sea. Although it is assumed that the President Harriet Rovntre (Linda Hamilton) on the plane, it is already in the hands of kidnappers. 
Air Land & Sea|2012|From white sand beaches to turquoise water filed with bright marine life. From gorgeous golf courses to exquisite island hospitality. Throw in the island's illustrious Jewish history. It's time to pack your bags and travel to the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
Air Master|2003|Maki's anger erupted into a violent rage when she saw Mina! After defeating several of the Black Alliance members, Maki is challenged to a fight by their leader, Kinjiro, who is also known as "Kin-chan." As Maki and Kinjiro prepare to battle drawing closer to each other, Nagato, another member from the Black Alliance, steps in gesturing that he want to be the next to fight the Air Master. Maki quickly accepts Nagato's challenge. Julietta, who was sitting nearby noticed Maki and proceeded to approach her, to his surprise, Nagato quickly lands a kick to Julietta's body. Before the final fight between Maki and Kinjiro can even start, a fierce battle between Nagato and Julietta takes place! 
Air Power|1956|Produced shortly after the fiftieth anniversary of powered flight, this documentary series, hosted by veteran news anchor Walter Cronkite, traced the development of flight from the Wright Brothers to the present day. In addition to the impact of air travel on society and the economy, this series also took a detailed look at the military uses of air power, from the dogfighting biplanes of the First World War, to the high powered bombers and jet fighters of the 1950's. 
Air Time '57|1956|Hosted by and starring singer Vaughn Monroe, this half- hour musical and variety program presented viewers with live performances of popular songs. Assisting Vaughn was jazz trumpeter Bobby Hackett and his band, along with different musical guests who would sing or play each week. 
Air Warriors|2014|The A-10 Thunderbolt II was made for durability and power. With seeming indestructibility, it can eliminate armored vehicles, tanks, and even buildings with remarkable accuracy, all the while protecting American troops on the ground. Over the decades, it has repeatedly proved its worth, not only on the battlefield but in the eyes of its toughest critic: the U.S. Air Force. Discover the story of the ugly duckling affectionately named "Warthog," and see how this clunky but robust fighter continually out-flies and out-guns its competitors. 
Air|2005|Yukito Kunisaki is on a journey, seeking a girl with wings who flies in the sky, as mentioned in a childhood tale. During this journey, he settles down in a small town, trying to make some money. There, he meets a strange girl named Misuzu. Misuzu quickly makes Yukito her friend and invites him to stay with her. Yukito decides to stay in the small town, and continue searching for the winged girl his mother had searched for in her life 
Aircrash Confidential|2011|Engineering error is an airline's worst nightmare. Hundreds of people killed, billions of dollars wasted because a plane was badly made. Every crash is a lesson to be heeded but sometimes lessons are ignored. Sometimes solutions lead to disasters engineers just don't foresee. 
Airline|1982|Drama following the adventures of Jack Ruskin, a de-mobbed pilot attempting to make a living from his one-plane airline business in the post-war 1940s. Newly-discharged from the RAF after World War II, Jack Ruskin, a blunt no-nonsense Yorkshireman, decides to set up his own airline, Ruskin Air Services. Something of an idealist, Jack is prepared to bend every rule in the book to achieve his goal of flying a Dakota once again. He soon does a deal with Ernie Cade, a notorious spiv who can lay his hands on any item of war surplus - for the right price - and then enlists Peter Witney as co-pilot and Jock McEvoy as maintenance engineer. But his long absences start to put a strain on his relationship with Jennie, his girlfriend. 
Airplane Repo|2010|Meet three adrenaline-seeking repo men chase multi-million dollar jets across America looking for a big payoff. Relying upon wits, skill and sheer cojones, to stay one step ahead of the law and airplanes with issues, it's high risk for high reward for these super repo men. Three adrenaline-seeking repo men push themselves, and the law, to the edge to capture multi-million-dollar luxury jets. Thrill-seeker and ace pilot Mike Kennedy scours the Florida night in search of a Learjet that might just crash and burn. Family man Ken Cage and tattooed partner, Danny Thompson, chase an elusive Baron 58 aircraft across the rugged Arizona desert. Wily cowboy, Kevin Lacey, pursues a Cessna airplane into rattlesnake-filled rural Texas straight into the drawn pistols of the Texas police. It's good old American know-how meets cloak-and-dagger, where dangerous heists mean big paydays and even bigger risks. A mad hybrid of cat burglar, F.B.I. agent and con artist, Nick Popovich and his adrenaline-fueled team specialize in one thing: stealing jets. In a nail-biting two-part special, Popovich is a super repossession man, one of a handful of specialists who get the call when a bank wants its Gulfstream II jet back from, say, a small army of Colombian rebels. A danger-fraught cat-and-mouse chase, Popovich seizes jets from jungle hideouts of corrupt landowners in South America and swipes corporate airliners from mainstream companies like Southwest and American Airlines. When people default on their payments, they run the risk that their property will be recovered by a finance company or rightful owner. When drivers run late with their car payments, their wheels get hauled away by a tow truck. But what happens when the property in question isn't a car, but a private jet worth millions of dollars? In this high-stakes recovery business, Popovich has been beaten, jailed and had a gun held to his head. But even these threats to his own personal safety aren't a deterrent: "That's what motivates me," said Popovich. "It's the adrenaline, excitement and pressure to be smarter than your opponent." With his crew - consisting of spotters, pilots and technicians - Popovich first locates the plane, and then moves in with a carefully orchestrated battle plan. And after a quick safety check, he flies the recovered plane back to his farm in Indiana. 
Airport 24/7: Miami|2012|Series goes beyond the terminal for an unprecedented look at the inner workings of Miami International Airport, also known as MIA. With nearly 40 million passengers a year, MIA is the size of a small city, and considered a Category X airport, a prime target for a terrorist attack. Viewers will meet the steadfast MIA team whose jobs it is to keep one of America's largest airports running around the clock, and see what it takes to fight terrorism, intercept drug smugglers, secure a presidential landing, manage severe weather and much more. 
Airport Security: Colombia|2015|Drugs are uncovered in stepmother/stepdaughter travelers' baggage. Full-body x-ray images uncover drugs ingested by passengers. A mother forges documents to travel with her daughter while not accompanied by the father. A Cuban is denied entry to Colombia for not having secured a visa prior to travel. 
Airport: Below Zero|2016|Airport: Below Zero, a thrilling new documentary series from Our House Media, in association with Corus Entertainment, reveals the intricate and intense balancing act required to keep operations running smoothly at Edmonton International Airport, Canada's most northerly major airport. Shot entirely at the 'Gateway to the North', this 10 x 60 series follows airport and airline staff as they work 24/7 to ensure a steady and safe stream of take offs and landings, while battling blizzards, medical emergencies, diverted planes, missing passengers, and even a snowy owl. 
Airs de France|1956|Liliane, Monique, Jackie and the twins Anne-Marie and Marie-Anne are the daughters of sexy widow Minouche who has been married 4 times and is away on a trip. Liliane fancies Jean-Paul, the nephew of their landlord, M. Ducouret, who tries to have the noisy girls evicted. When Minouche returns from her trip, she turns the heads of Monique and Jackie's beaux (respectively Jack and Jimmy) and Liliane fears that the same will happen with Jean-Paul. Minouche's handyman, Papillon, is also smitten with his boss although the twins both like him. The daughters all decide that the best way to keep their mom from being the center of attention is to marry her away. M. Ducouret seems like the best candidate although the two clash instantly. Liliane and Jean-Paul arrange it so that the family is invited to spend a vacation in his uncle's mansion in Touraine which M. Ducouret reluctantly agrees to. The girls turn the place upside down and pretend that M. Ducouret is a gangster to spice up their mother's interest in the otherwise quite boring man. They even act as though they are in love with him themselves, so that Minouche begins to question his sex appeal. The plan soon gets out of hand and he is arrested by the police. When he returns, M. Ducouret acts like a hoodlum and convinces Minouche to live with him out of wedlock. On final trick out of the girls who pretend to act the same way and Minouche will agree to everyone's marriage including her own. 
Airship Daedalus Radio Adventures|2013|"Captain Stratosphere" Jack McGraw, ace pilot in the Great War, leads a stalwart crew on a bold quest aboard an experimental airship. Traveling from New Jersey to Haiti to the jungle canopy of the Amazon, our heroes battle the evil machinations of the sorcerer Aleister Crowley and his dark army, the Astrum Argentum. Along the way they battle saboteurs, sky pirates, a giant octopus, rocket zombies and encounter a tribe of natives who live in a majestic city in the treetops - all in two-fisted pulp adventure tradition. In an alternate 1920s timeline, Ace pilot "Captain Stratosphere" Jack McGraw leads an intrepid crew against sinister forces of evil set to take over the world. Using an experimental airship, Daedalus II, the crew plays a dangerous game of cat and mouse with the Astrum Argentum and their commander Maria Blutig, from the eastern US to the Caribbean, to the wild green jungles of the Amazon. They encounter saboteurs, sky pirates, a powerful voodoo priest, man-eating crocodiles, a giant treasure-guarding octopus, rocket-zombies, and a tribe of jungle natives living in a majestic wooden city in the tree canopy, culminating in a ferocious battle against Blutig and her master, the sorcerer Aleister Crowley. This four-part serial adapted from the original comic strip uses a retro radio style of delivery, including the fictional Gold Star Essentials commercial sponsor, a crushed monophonic sound mix and vintage wire crackle. 
Airshow Extreme|2009|Airshow Extreme is a new series of heart pounding, death defying stunts, with highlights of all types of aircraft rarely seen in this detail. World War II fighter jets, open air prop planes, modern day war birds, and air show regulars the Thunderbirds, to name a few, take us on a mission that is guaranteed to fascinate and thrill. 
Airwolf|1984|Airwolf is the most sophisticated helicopter imaginable (flies halfway round the world, outruns jet planes). Stringfellow Hawke is its pilot, essentially blackmailing a secret US agency into finding his brother (lost in Vietnam) while he flies dangerous assignments for "The Firm." A renegade pilot and his partner "steal" an advanced battle helicopter that they feel would be used unethically by its owners, a secretive U.S. intelligence agency. They agree to continue flying it on missions for the agency in exchange for the agency's help locating the pilot's missing brother. 
Aisa Des Hai Mera|2006|The story revolves around the life of a girl named Rusty, who is born in an upper middle class white family, John and Linda in England. Living separate from her divorced mother and drunkard father, Rusty from her childhood starts having vague dreams about her being connected to India somehow. One day, she comes to know that she is a half-Indian and also that her mother, Linda had once been married to an Indian man, Randheer Deol, a Sikh, and Rusty is their daughter. After knowing the truth, Rusty decides to go to Punjab in search of her family. And fortunately she finds her family, but doesn't reveal the truth because she does not want to create a rift between her father and his wife, Mathura. But eventually Rusty's truth is revealed to the Deols. At first they don't accept her but Rusty manages to cling to their hearts. Although everyone falls in love with Rusty after a while, her stepmother Mathura still hates her and pretends to be nice to her, and wants to take avenge by throwing her out of the house. But as the story goes on, Rusty's life goes through many tribulations and at the end she manages to create love for herself in all of her family members, even her stepmother. 
Aishen Qiaokeli Jinxingshi|2015|Jiang Hao Yi, a normal, high school student who is extremely scared of getting into trouble suddenly becomes the Harem King of his school and gets confessed to by a bunch of beautiful girls! The worst thing is, Jiang hao doesn't know any of the girls who confessed to him! What on earth is happening? 
Aishiteiru to ittekure|1995|Hiroko meets Koji one day while attempting to grab an apple from a tree. Afterwards, they meet several times in the park, until she learns that Koji cannot speak or hear. She learns Japanese Sign Language in order to understand Koji better. 
Aishitetatte, himitsu wa aru|2017|Rei Okumori has a secret: he killed his father to protect his mother. Now he is trying to become a lawyer and also has plans to marry his girlfriend, Sawa, a classmate from university who is also the daughter of chief prosecutor Hiroaki Tachibana. 
Aisling's Diary|2008|Aisling's Diary follows the life of an Irish dance obsessed Irish American teenager, Aisling, who returns with her family to Ireland and attempts to fit in to a new school and culture. As her family struggle to adjust to their new life, Aisling falls for the hip hop bad boy next door. 
Aizliegtas speles|2003|Two unfamiliar and dissimilar families to each other swap one family member for a week. This exciting daily 12 week format reveals what happens when people decides to come into the revolutionary challenge: to leave the closest people and come to live to unknown home. Every week different people: wives, husbands, lovers, young and old, rich and poor. Viewers experience the intrigues, proximity while watching the changing relationships of ordinary people. 
Ajeeb Daastaan Hai Ye|2014|Ajeeb Daastaan Hai Ye is an Indian television show, which premiered on 7 October 2014 on Life OK.[1] The show is an Indian soap opera produced by Ekta Kapoor under the banner Balaji Telefilms. The show marks the debut of Bollywood actress Sonali Bendre on Indian television in fiction genre.[2][3][4] The title of the show Ajeeb Daastaan Hai Ye is inspired from the song of 1960 Bollywood film, Dil Apna Aur Preet Parai which was originally sung by the veteran singer Lata Mangeshkar.[5] The initial plot of the series is similar to the US television show The Good Wife. 
Ajimu - Kaigan Monogatari|2001|Hirosuke Nakaido is a normal young man who, by accident, meets the most beautiful girl he has ever seen: Yasuna Ajimu. Although the circumstances of their meeting are awkward and misunderstood, love begins to flourish. However, more obstacles wait for them. 
Ajin|2016|17 years ago, immortals first appeared on the battlefields of Africa. Later, rare, unknown new immortal lifeforms began appearing among humans, and they became known as "Ajin" (demi-humans). Just before summer vacation, a Japanese high school student is instantly killed in a traffic accident on his way home from school. However, he is revived, and a price is placed on his head. Thus begins a boy's life on the run from all of humankind. A freak accident reveals to young Kei Nagai that he is more than your average teenager. After being ran over by a truck, Kei is brought back to life by a mysterious substance known as Invisible Black Matter. He is now an "Ajin", or demi-human, one of very few immortal beings in existence. With no one to turn to but a childhood friend, Kei must fight for survival not only for himself but for the fate of innocent humans threatened by an evil Ajin known as Mr. Sato, the Soldier of God. Under constant hunt from government specialists, bounty hunters, and other Ajin--Kei will discover the depths of his hidden strength, and what it truly means to be a human being in the face of terrifying and insurmountable odds. 
Akagami no Shirayuki-hime|2015|Shirayuki was a young girl born with unique apple-red hair. She meets a famous but foolish Prince Raji, who falls in love with her at first sight and orders her to become his concubine. With nowhere else to go, Shirayuki cuts her hair and escapes to a neighboring country. While traversing through the forests, she meets a young boy, Zen, who helps her after she boldly cures his wounds but then gets poisoned by an apple given to Shirayuki. Meanwhile, Prince Raji sends out henchmen to search for her. What will happen to Shirayuki? What is Zen's true character? A fantasy story between an optimistic heroine and a prince who constantly stays on her watch. 
Akame ga Kill!|2014|A young countryside boy sets to the capital with the dream to become part of the country army. Unsuccessful he encounters a women who promises him a chance to enter the army if he pays her enough, the young boy unaware gives all his money and then finds out the he was tricked. Not having any money decides to sleep in the streets, the same night a young and beautiful women picks him op from the street and takes him home. Tatsumi stays a night since they promise him a position in the army as well. One night the house is visited by a group of assassins called night raid but who are the real bad guys of this story. Tatsumi ends up joining night raid and finds out that he identifies his self in this group more then in the army. A country boy goes to the capital with his friends to make enough money to save his village from poverty. After he loses all his money, he is rescued by a noble girl who takes care of him in her castle. Later he finds out the girl loves to torture poor people and finds back his friends caged. When he loses them, a group of assassins called Night Raid takes him as a new member to win against injustice. 
Akane-Iro ni somaru saka|2008|On his way to school, Junichi Nagase saves a girl from danger. Later, due to a misunderstanding, he kisses her. Shocked and disgusted, and without understanding what just happened or why, she screams at him and tells him to "just die!" As it turns out, the girl, Yuuhi Katagiri, is a new transfer student and, much to the surprise of Junichi and his younger sister Minato, their father arranged for Yuuhi to be Junichi's future wife. Of course, getting married to "that perverted idiot" is the absolute last thing Yuuhi wants. Junichi's crazy school life with his tsundere bride-apparent has begun. 
Akashiya takoku sekigun|1994|This Japanese comedy show was hosted by comedian Sanma Akashiya and featured Japanese speaking foreign guests. 
Akasia Julia|2012|When Malaysian exchange students Julia and Amir meet in Seoul it is love on the first sight. Their relationship is put to a test when Sofia appears in Amir's life and Julia's parents oppose Amir. Julia and Amir struggle to defend their love but somehow fate seems not on their side. 
Akatsuki no Yona|2014|Yona is a princess who lives happily in the palace with her father and friends, oblivious to the misery of the kingdom. But the day of her sixteenth birthday her life changes: the emperor is killed. Yona has to run away to survive. She'll be helped by her friend and bodyguard, General Hak. Together they embark on a journey to find and ask for help from the four dragons of the legend. During the adventure, Yona observes the kingdom and opens her eyes, determined to become a princess who helps her people. 
Akazukin Chacha|1994|Akazukin Chacha, or Red Hood Chacha, by Ayahana Min, is loosely (extremely loosely) based on Little Red Riding Hood. The main characters are: Chacha, a little red-hooded girl who is an incompetent magic user; Riiya, a werewolf boy and Chacha's best friend; and Shiine, a magic-using boy who wants Chacha. The stories revolve around the adventures of the three characters and, on a lesser scale, their love triangle. Chacha can also transform into a magical fighting girl for some reason... 
Akbar Birbal|2014|The well known folklore characters, Akbar and Birbal have been extremely popular with the kids for their combined wit and wisdom. The show is a fresh, comic take on the relation between Emperor Akbar and his seventh jewel Birbal that not only makes one laugh but also teaches valuable lessons. The first in the genre of Historical Comedy, Akbar Birbal has captured the audience's imagination with its delightful storyline and stellar cast. 
Akher Ayyam Al Yamamah|2005|This is the story of Al Yamamah Kingdom during its rise and tragic fall and the pointless conflicts between the two great Arab tribes, Tasam and Jdais. Al Yamamah fell in the heat of those conflicts but it maintained its independence and prosperity for a long time until it was afflicted by oppression and tyranny and the plague of dissension and dispute spread among its people. The two tribes inhabiting Al Yamamah made it the most civilized, developed and wealthy of all kingdoms at that time. However this would soon change as the two tribes got more disunited as a result of the lack of justice, tyranny and one party being subjugated by another. 
Akher Khabar aka Latest News|2011|The story takes place around a young man, son of an aristocratic family, who left his father's publishing house published by the Journal (latest news) has specialized in research between the concerns of the people and their problems and try to find solutions to them, recognize Abraham, which rehearse the magazine and share team in the preparation of investigative journalism. 
Akhri Chattan|1985|Akhri Chattan is a legendary Islamic historical drama based on novel written by Nasim Hijazi . It describes the Central Asian conquests of Genghis Khan and his destruction of the Khwarzam Sultanate (Kingdom of Khwarzam). The drama shows the brutal conquests of the Mongols, the military genius of Genghis Khan, the undying will power of Sultan Jalal ud-Din Khwarzam Shah, and the unworthy condition of the Abbasid Caliphate of Baghdad. Akhri Chattan is a legendary Islamic historical drama based on novel written by Nasim Hijazi . It describes the Central Asian conquests of Genghis Khan and his destruction of the Khwarzam Sultanate (Kingdom of Khwarzam). The drama shows the brutal conquests of the Mongols, the military genius of Genghis Khan, the undying will power of Sultan Jalal-ud-Din Khwarzam Shah, and the unworthy condition of the Abbasid Caliphate of Baghdad. 
Akiba's Trip: The Animation|2017|Otaku siblings Tamotsu and Niwaka Denkigai are shopping in Akihabara when it is overrun by vampiric cosplaying monsters! These creatures, known as "Bugged Ones," can possess anyone they bite and soon they begin causing mayhem across the city. Tamotsu and Matome, along with excitable otaku cosplayer Arisa Ahokainen, make up the group "The Electric Mayonnaise" 
Akikan!|2009|Hobbies are often a great way of meeting new people, but how could Kakeru Diachi, who collects rare juice cans, have ever suspected that he'd meet a fascinating new girl when he attempted to DRINK her? Naming her Melon, because she's got great melon - soda, Kakeru quickly learns that she's an Akikan-a beautiful girl who's also a special can created to fight other Akikans in a strange experiment to determine what kind of container is better: steel or aluminum. Will becoming involved in this ridiculously twisted research project gone amuck complicate Kakeru's life incredibly? Of course it will, but because Melon's steel body needs carbon dioxide to breathe, he's now stuck with her since she's too CO2 dependent. And when his wealthy, attractive, best childhood friend Najimi gets HER own aluminum Akikan, the trouble really begins. 
Akil the Fugitive Hunter|2017|A combination of live action and animation fuels this docuseries, which chronicles the journey of bounty hunter Akil Muhammad as he tracks and captures criminals in Los Angeles. The "modern day superhero" fights to keep his community safe from gangsters, murderers, rapists and those who seek to hurt innocent people. Wood Davis narrates. 
Akili and Me|2016|Akili is a four-year-old who lives in the Savannah highlands in Kilimanjaro. Every time she goes to sleep, she finds herself in a magic world called Lala Land. With the help of her new best friends in Lala Land, Akili goes on adventures where she learns English words, how to draw, count, and so much more. 
Ako si Kim Samsoon|2008|The story begins with Samsoon dealing with two devastating news- her fiancÈ stood her up at their wedding, and their family's bakery was gutted by a fire. Samsoon then decides to apply as a pastry chef in a five-star restaurant where she crosses paths with the rich and arrogant Cyrus in a very unusual spot-the male comfort room where he gives her a piece of advice about love and men. Not long after, Cyrus will discover Samsoon's outstanding talent in baking and hires her to work in his restaurant. Cyrus has his share of problems too. His domineering mother insists that he marries soon. To be free of his mother's consistent prodding, Cyrus offers Samsoon a love contract-in which she must act as his girlfriend in exchange for a huge amount of money. He offers Samsoon the contract because he knows he will never fall for a girl like her. Although hesitant and furious about Cyrus's overconfidence, Samsoon takes the opportunity to pay her family's debts. Are they both brave enough to face the consequences of the love contract? Will their plan still work even if their former paramours-Hannah and Harvey-re-enters the picture? Can a gorgeous guy like Cyrus fall for a plump, boisterous girl like Samsoon? 
Aktenzeichen XY ungelˆst|1967|This particular part of Aktenzeichen XY Ungelˆst portrayed the tragic case of an animal store owner, who was robbed and injured. After work, the victim had driven to his cottage in the woods to take care of some renovations. The burglar was convincingly portrayed by Dan van Husen, who broke in, overwhelmed the victim and during the robbery cut the victim's thumb off with a pair of rose snippers. He was heard to say "kannst ihn dir ja wieder anpappen lassen" which translates to "you can have it glued on again". The audience was shocked at such brutal display of violence previously rarely displayed on the show. XY Series (German: Aktenzeichen XY...Ungelˆst) is a live to air crime-stopping show similar to America's Most Wanted. The show reenacts crimes precisely as they happened and therefore has had tremendous success as a particularly eerie genre. 
Aku no hana|2013|Takao worships the class beauty, Nanako, from afar. When he is alone in the classroom one day after school, he notices her bag of gym clothes on the floor. He can't resist picking it up. He plans to return it, but the next day, all the girls are commiserating with Nanako that some pervert has stolen her gym clothes. Worse than that, their classmate Sawa quietly lets him know that she saw him take the clothes and will tell Nanako if he doesn't make a contract with her to do whatever she asks of him and then their strange relationship begins. 
Akuerian eiji|2002|Five supernatural factions have been fighting against each other for who knows how many centuries, with the beginning of Aquarian Age always in mind. Kyouta, soon begins to see visions of mystical girls fighting, except they do exist. Soon he and his girlfriend Yoriko become involved and the battle for Earth and Aquarian Age lies in their hands. 
Akujo ni tsuite|2012|The drama portrays 25 years in the stormy life of a very talented businesswoman called 'Tominokoji Kimiko', who is often being labeled as a 'queen of affectations' or a 'devilish woman' by the people around her. 'Kimiko' gains an enormous amount of wealth during the rapid economic growth of Japan and possesses an incredible charm that men cannot resit. In fact, she has relationships with three men at the same time. Even when she becomes pregnant, she continues to toy with them and tells each of them that they are the father. 
Akuma no Riddle|2014|Tokaku Azuma is a heartless teenage assassin on a mission of death. She's been sent to a prestigious, all-girls boarding school to compete in an assassination game against eleven other beautiful killers. There heinous mission: send the innocent and cheerful Haru Ichinose to an early grave. 
AkuryÙ byÙtÙ|2013|Goomagawa Hospital, surrounded by forest on the outskirts. Ogami is working with a doctor, Goomagawa and a strict chief nurse from 2 weeks ago. One night, Nurse, Suzuki had the experience of disappearing as soon as met a bloody girl in a dark corridor. 
Akvariumas|2002|Eight volunteers (four women and four men) for fifty days are settled in a glass house which is built especially for them called "Aquarium", in the public place. Almost two months revealed sensation of isolation and many hours without privacy, such is a challenge for candidates: cameras and people in the street are watching them every minute. This is a drama of relationships in extreme situation. 
Al Dawama|2009|Talking about the historical period of modern Syria, stretching events of the series between 1949 AD - 1951 AD to convey to us a picture of Syrian society during this period full of events of historical and political currents in differentiated, revealing external attempts to control the wealth of the Arab countries, especially oil, through the Western countries and the responses to the States Arab Society for such attempts. The series weaves the story of Syria full of love and political struggle and national figures, Syria has its history and its impact on life and the Syrian Arab picks up from the details of life Damascene and composition of social, political and cultural rights, which have produced results and the reality still stands to this day, and the fabric of this story depends on the Diary of Champions series of Syria's modern history. 
Al Hajjaj|2003|Al Hajjaj bin Yousif Al Thaqafi was a controversial administrator, politician and minister of defense of the Umayyad caliphate. He was described as draconian, a brutal enemy to the opposers of the central government, a 'mission impossible' man, a driver of conquests to the distant lands and a shrewd statesman. His biography fluctuated between his brutality and excessive oppression against his enemies and lenience and loyalty to the Caliphate, which made him one of the most debatable characters in history. 
Al Hayba|2017|Al Hayba" an area located on the borders between Syria and Lebanon, Jabal (a young strong-willed man) and his clan, Sheikh El Jabal, controls arms trading and smuggling at the borders. Jabal and his family lead a modern life style, yet, he relies still on the traditional customs of the clan to solve? conflicts and to affir. his authority The family receives the news of the death of their son Adel who fled to Canada more than 15 years ago because of a vendetta. They hadn't received any news from him for the past 10 years, and there he comes back now as a lifeless corpse, accompanied by his wife and only son who he named after his brother Jabal. The tale of a coherent and noble family, whose secrets and conflicts are revealed through a newcomer, a stranger, but who becomes, with time, a pillar in the family home. Between the quarrel over power and influence, and amid conflicting wills, men's chivalry appear. Between possible and impossible love, blind and honest love, lovers' chastity and good name, Alia and Jabal's story unfolds. 
Al Ijtiyah|2008|The story takes place during the Israeli invasion of the city of Ramallah and the siege of the Church of Nativity in Bethlehem and the city of Jenin and its camp. The series goes beyond the typical and overused approach to offer an account that is full of life and passion by dramatically capturing the daily life of the Palestinian people. The story depicts real incidents and details starting with the love affair between Mustafa, the young Palestinian fugitive, and the Israeli young woman, Yaeel, which starts after Mustafa and his runaway friends rescue two girls who've had a car accident: Meryem (48 Arab Palestinian) and Yaeel (a Jew). Yaeel provides Mustafa with inside information passed to her by her brother, who is an Israeli Army officer. The plot builds up in a poignantly dramatic way, so here's the story of Abou Salem and his children and their manifold and entwined relationships then on to Jenin where there's Abou Khalid's family and his kids: Khalid the teacher, Amjad the detainee, Mustafa the fugitive and Hanan the nurse in addition to other characters taken from the reality brought by the satellite channels starting with Abou Basel, Abou Jandal and Al Tawalbeh through Saeed, the cameraman who's looking for the shot of a lifetime, and up to the story of Palestinian women prisoners and how they suffer even after they are released from prison, considering the inhuman torturing and crimes they were put through behind bars. It is a story of love and war. It is a story of life itself. 
Al Jazeera English|2006|The US military justice system is broken and rife with instances of impunity for sexual crimes. That is what survivors of sexual assault in the military have told a panel of U.S. senators. They are looking into the issue after a U.S. Air Force Colonol reversed the conviction of one of his Lieutenants. Al Jazeera's John Terrett reports from Washington. 
Al Kabeer|2010|The mayor of Al-Mazareeta, earlier in his life, he met an American woman and had twins with her. One child stayed in Egypt while the other went to America . Once he is on his deathbed, his child that grew up in America goes over to Egypt to claim his father's title. The sons battle to see who will take over, but eventually they realize the value of family, and go through challenges together 
Al Morgan|1949|Running for almost two years on the old Dumont network, this musical variety series starred and was hosted by pianist-singer Al Morgan. While other singers or musical guests would occasionally be brought on the show to give a performance, the main portion of the entertainment was usually provided by Al himself. 
Al Murabitun Wa Al Andalus|2005|King Al-Mu'tamid is victorious over Ibn Dandoun and his army in the outskirts of Cordoba and betrays King Ibn Jahour by exiling him and his family to Saltes after seizing Cordoba and appointing his son Al-Ibad as prince over it to the anger of Ibn Dandoun. 
Al Sayeda AL Aoula: First Lady|2014|This series tells the story of Mariam, an opportunist who makes one of the presidential candidate marry her and leave his wife and children behind so that she becomes "The First Lady". Mariam has a strong personality and she is blinded by her ambition to take over the country and control it especially after an assassination attempt of the President. Will Mariam succeed to rule in such a patriarchal society? 
Al Shakikatan aka Sisters|2017|This story is about Soraya and Sharif and it is set in the 50's. Soraya is a young lady who grew up with her father and his strict upbringing. Soraya is haunted by the memory of her father abusing her mother and murdering her for the sake of his second wife, with whom he has a daughter named Douha. Soraya hates her step-sister, and lives on the desire to take revenge on them both, not knowing that her mother is not dead, but that she was taken to a remote village and placed under heavy guard by her father. Sharif is poor and is working to support his sister, brother, and his widowed mother. He specializes in law in an attempt to take the family out of extreme poverty. Sharif meets Douha by coincidence, who is trying to escape from Soraya, and tries to help her. Things get complicated for Sharif as he tries to protect Douha from her cruel father and sister that is obsessed with revenge. Will he succeed? Or will Soraya be able to ruin their lives and turn it upside down? 
Al Shams Toshreq Min Jadeed|2005|The story unfolds the miserable life of a poor girl called Maram, who grew up in a broken home with a careless father who has no sense of responsibility at all. He is always outside the house, and when he comes back, he takes all the money his wife has, which her brother sends to her from abroad. Under such bad conditions, Maram graduates from high school and joins the university. Soon after that, she is shocked to learn that her mother is sick of cancer, which she dies of in the end, leaving Maram as an orphan looked after by her only friend Heyam. Later, Heyam's father falls in love with Maram, taking advantage of her weakness. She goes along with him for a while but she then comes to her senses and rebuffs him to become lonely again. Years go by and Maram meets a guy called Safwan. They fall in love with each other and finally managed to get married against all odds. She discovers later that Safwan wants to lead an ordinary life: get married and have children. She later decides to write her biography and give it to her daughter when she becomes 18 years old. The series addresses some events we live in our lives as inevitable and hard to change. It also addresses inter-personal relationships, the way our society looks at women and the way love relationships are usually misunderstood and misjudged. 
Al Yazmalim|2011|Ilyas as Asiye are 2young adults living in a village in turkey. Both are being pressured by their parents. ILyas due to his love to motorcycles and Asiye because she should be married but is very stubborn and doesn't want to. As these 2 fall in love asiye's problem is kind of solved but Ilyas has deep love for motorcycles. His brother had the same love for motorcycles. Ilyas misses his brother and wants to continue what his brother used to do before his death, he also has other issues such as being upset that his sister left them to run away with a guy and his other sister also did something he hated. But his main problem was choosing between asiye and her stubbornness and the motorcycle. He had to choose for 2 reasons: one is her fear of losing him to death and another is her jealousy of the woman he works with.Eventually which is stronger? His lover to her or to motorcycles? And what does their friends and environment get them to choose? 
Al and Christina: Take Cali|2017|Al and Christina: Take Cali, is a Reality TV and Drama About Al (Alrahim) and His Ex (Christina) Coming to California. With Drama From both ends of the family, They Split and Drove Each other Crazy. Now there Together and there back with some Hilarious TV Drama. 
Al diablo con los guapos|2007|"To Hell with Handsome Men" An orphan girl (Milagros) who was born and raised in a convent must leave at the age of 18. Milagros starts to work at the Belmonte's mansion, as a maid for Regina. She falls in love with Alejandro, the son of Constancio and Lociana. They both fight for their love while their family is not for it. 
Al fin de semana|1998|This weekly TV series replaces the series "Simpre en domingo" and features interviews, shows and acts by various artists in music, dancing, acting and other careers. 
Al interior de Wal-Mart de MÈxico|2008|A look inside daily operations at Wal-Mart Mexico showing several aspects of how its units work, opening the door to all the other areas that are involved in making this happen. Human Resources, Systems, Purchasing, and Logistics reveal the ways they work together to achieve the mission of "Improving the quality of life of Mexican families." The program also shows how this potential is focused on bringing the best prices to those who have the least through Aurrer· Warehouses. Thus, the general public can appreciate not only the complex labor behind the simple act of buying the products they're looking for. They can also recognize the hard work of all those who make it possible. 
Al otro lado|2016|The world is increasingly divided by walls, fences and barbed wire. Discovery MAX seeps through the cracks running through four of these borders made by humans to show the stories of hope, despair, pain, joy and duty of people living on one side and the other. The channel premieres 'Al otro lado', a series of four episodes that runs the most watched, dangerous and busiest border areas of the world. 'Al otro lado' is directed by Paul Iraburu and Migueltxo Molina, authors of the documentary film 'Walls', after its premiere at the San Sebasti·n International Film Festival, has gone through more than 50 international film festivals, obtaining several awards. The need to delve into the personal stories and the reality of the scenarios shown in the film a series of four deliveries that chronicles the lives of people living 'Al otro lado' of these walls arises 'Al otro lado' . Filmed at borders between the US and Mexico, Spain and Morocco, India and Bangladesh and South Africa and Zimbabwe, this series us about real, direct and very close to the lives of those so living on either side of any border fence. Smugglers, vigilantes, migrants, police ... their lives are tied to a fence or wall, and they all have a clear goal: crossing, avoid crossing or help crossers in four of the many hot spots that are currently scattered around the world: the wall between South Africa and Zimbabwe, barbed wire between India and Bangladesh, the wall that isolates the United States of Mexico and the fence is the border between Europe and Africa in the autonomous city of Melilla. 
Al-Dayah|2008|A midwife called Ghaleyah works also as a maid in Abu-Sad's house. She assists in the birth of Sad, and even breast-feeds him. After getting older, Sad marries his cousin because his father is rich. After the marriage, the wife tries to kick out Ghaleyah by accusing her of theft. Ghaleyah goes away along with her husband to avoid the scandal brought upon her by Sad's wife. 
Al-Faslah|2015|Marzooq has an accident while on a private trip out of Kuwait. His family falsely told that he had died. Almost one and a half year later, he returns to Kuwait to discover that his brother and wife took possession of his large and suitably-located house, turning it to hotel and rest house. Marzooq starts trying to repossess his house. 
Al-Muhtalah|2016|After living long years married to a loving and caring husband (Salah) but without having any children, Jamilah discovers after his death that he was married to other women and had children from them. She starts to make plans to return what she thinks is hers through fraud and trickery. 
Al-Zeer Salem|2000|A Biographical Drama Series about the life of Udai bin Rabia, a famous poet and a great warrior in Pre-Islamic Arabia, who led his tribe Taghlib in a war that lasted decades to take vengeance for his murdered brother King Kolaib. Udai, also known as Al-Zeer Abu Layla Al-Muhalhel, used to spend his days hunting, drinking, and pursuing women that he was called a tomcat. Even after his brother Kolaib, the more serious big brother, became a king Udai didn't take life seriously but rather tried to enjoy it. Soon enough his strict brother made enemies and was murdered and by that driving Al-Zeer Udai to lead a war that lasted for years and years. This war known as Basus is the first Arabian epic of which Udai is its Hero. 
Aladdin|1994|While Aladdin may still be living on the streets of Agrabah, he is now engaged to the beautiful and spirited Princess Jasmine. "Al" and Jasmine, along with monkey sidekick Abu, the Magic Carpet, the fast-talking, shape-shifting Genie, and Iago the short-tempered parrot continue their adventures exploring the world and protecting Agrabah. An animated series based on the popular Disney movie of the same name. Hero Aladdin, Princess Jasmine, her father the Sultan, sly parrot Iago and monkey Abu team up with their old friend Genie to keep the land of Agrabah safe from the forces of evil. Before he settles down to become the prince of Agrabah, the street rat turned hero sees the world, continuing to rescue people, making new friends and enemies. Genie's impressions and modern jokes continue to annoy Iago, but give every evil they face a light side. Princess Jasmine learns more about ruling and proves that she can be a hero when the occasion calls for it. And the sultan...well he continues to play with toys all day. Throughout the show, the teams faces something from each of their pasts along with mud creatures, bumbling theives, Greek inventors, the shambling undead, a selfish sand witch, a power crazed sorcerer, and creatures of all shapes and sizes. At the end of every day, Aladdin finds that he still has his friends and his home. 
Alakdana|2011|The story centers on a girl named Adana. Adana is cursed with a scorpion tail. Thus, making her life very uneasy and miserable. Despite of the curse, Adana grows up to be a kind-hearted, down to earth and God-fearing child. Adana, with a fear of having her big secret revealed, will be hiding her identity as a girl born with an unusual scorpion tail. 
Alamaailma Trilogia: Kytt‰|2011|A detective working with the narcotics unit of the Stockholm police, PEKKA MANNINEN is called to Finland with the task of charting the route via which heroin is smuggled from St. Petersburg to Finland and the rest of the world. The Helsinki police department's narcotics unit has already been on the case with no results, and so the rough-and-ready Manninen goes undercover into a Russian drug operation. Treading the fine line between the legal and the illegal, Manninen begins to confuse the roles of police officer and criminal, until he goes too far and there's no turning back. 
Alamaailma Trilogia: Lakimies|2011|TOMAS MATTILA is a scruffy, beer-guzzling attorney whose life is a total mess. Through a coincidence, however, he gains a new client, who offers him a lucrative job. Mattila believes his luck has finally turned. He sobers up and begins to enjoy his newfound success, until he finds out that he is helping Swedish white-collar criminals launder money. Mattila realizes too late that there is no way out. 
Alamaailma Trilogia: Vanki|2010|Computer whizz-kid VESA LEVOLA is a decent young man with a promising career who unexpectedly ends up in prison after becoming involved in a street fight. In prison Vesa ends up working for the kingpin of the criminal world, who runs a drug-trafficking organization from behind bars. 
Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled|2014|All Alan has is an amazing fact about each of them, after which... who knows where the conversation will lead? It's this intimacy and free-form nature that spawns the kind of anecdotes and improvisational humour you won't get anywhere else. And then, at the end of the show, Alan and his guests have to come up with a title for that episode. Easy. Right? Hosted by Alan Davies and featuring an eclectic mix of A-list and up-and-coming faces, As Yet Untitled sits everyone round a small table for a discussion about, well, anything. There's no script, no rehearsals, no agenda, just the aim of being interesting and funny. 
Alarm f¸r Cobra 11 - Die Autobahnpolizei|1996|While Ben is on vacation in Canada, Semir does a traffic check with other police officers, including Dieter. After Dieter gets shot and badly injured by Serbian criminal Elena Kovic, Semir tries to confront her and the other criminals - Ben is one of them. Dieter has fallen into a coma, and Semir finds out that Ben used to work undercover, to stop Elena Kovic and the influential politician / businessman from selling chemical weapons to African rebels. The undercover operation has failed, Ben is in great danger. Together with his boss, Kim Kr¸ger, Semir searches Ben's private life for any hints leading to his current location. 
Alarmcode 112|1996|Whereas you sometimes can't move for police series, the lives of firefighters doesn't get nearly as much screen time. So give a blazing hot welcome to "Alarmcode 112", the TV series that takes the word action and adds a big exclamation mark to it! Named after the emergency number you dial in Germany should your house go up in flames or kitty gets stuck in a tree, these eleven episodes are stuffed with breathtaking explosions, raging blazes, and terrible accidents! 
Alas Smith & Jones|1984|Mel Smith and Griff Rhys-Jones present a series of short (often tasteless, always scathing) sketches about modern life and the stupidity and gullibility of those who believe in it. 
Alaska Aircrash Investigations|2016|ALASKA AIRCRASH INVESTIGATIONS follows five NTSB members as they risk their lives in extreme environments to access remote crash sites in the unpredictable Alaskan wilderness. From dense forests to raging rivers, there is no place impenetrable for the "Go Team." Every investigation tests these brave men and women, from the seasoned veterans to the rookies who are just beginning their careers in air safety. 
Alaska Filmmakers|2011|"Alaska Filmmakers" is a program dedicated to highlighting the various talented individuals in Alaska Film Industry. A series for filmmakers, by filmmakers, about filmmakers. Our hosts sit down with local independent filmmakers and productions groups to talk about what inspired them to become involved in the production industry. Exploring the various challenges and triumphs of Alaska's storytellers, and how they are working together to help sustain the state's film industry. Created by a small group of local artists who have all worked with one another at some point in their careers. Pulling all their resources, each member of the crew has brought their own experiences and unique style to the program. 
Alaska Fish Wars|2012|To avoid a grudge match, rookie captain Gavin on the North Crow pulls a risky maneuver that pays off big-time. Captain Wes on the Night's Edge isn't so lucky - the only whopper he pulls in is a $3,000 fine for fishing across the legal boundary. 
Alaska Gold Diggers|2013|With the team working a good pay streak at Gold Run, things are looking up. But when storms approach, everyone is forced to evacuate camp. The early end to mining forces the women to resort to desperate measures for a return on their investment. 
Alaska Haunting|2015|Jess and her boyfriend Dusty move into a remote log cabin in the woods in Point Mackenzie, Alaska. But, when strange things start to happen, they realize why the cabin was for sale. The couple has awakened a vengeful spirit and it wants them out. 
Alaska Monsters|2014|In Alaska is a region known as the Triangle - 200,000 unforgiving miles where more people go missing per capita than anywhere else on earth. ALASKA MONSTERS follows a team of native outdoorsmen as they take on the challenge of exploring the Triangle's treacherous terrain to prove native monsters are linked to these disappearances. 
Alaska Off-Road Warriors|2014|Surprising his fellow off-roaders, Rover rejoins the race, dropping a bomb in the other teams' strategies. An ailing Carl forces Rich to try his hand at the wheel. Butch and Bill kick it into high gear trying to catapult War Wagon back to the top of the standings. Pete and Shey decide that it's time they stop putting other teams' needs before their own. And Brent and Scott, tired of relying on the other teams, learn some self-reliance on the tundra. 
Alaska Outdoors Television|2010|Watch as Alaska's best outdoor enthusiasts team goes up against the challenges of the state's rugged terrain and harsh conditions. Cameras capture the breathtaking images and scenery of some of Alaska's most remote frontiers as these teams explore, hunt and fish in Alaska's last great frontier. 
Alaska Proof|2016|Toby and Andy join Scott on a boat trip into Prince William Sound in search of the perfect icebergs for their vodka. Meanwhile, Chrissy takes Shane along as she faces her fear of bees in order to collect some of Alaska's fireweed honey for a "Buzz" order. 
Alaska State Troopers|2009|Follow the Troopers as they storm in to save a woman scorched by the out of control flames of a bonfire, track down a wanted and armed man through the frozen backcountry roads of Fairbanks, and start off the Iditarod race off with safety. Troopers also get a call from a well-known dogsledding family whose famous sleds have been burgled from their own home. 
Alaska Wing Men|2011|Keller Wattum is the "eye in the sky" for a fishing vessel in Kodiak Island's annual herring run. And in Juneau, chopper pilot Dustin Carroll is responsible for getting technicians to the cell towers to find a problem - 4,000 ft. up in the mountains. 
Alaska: Battle on the Bay|2015|In the desolate outreaches of Bristol Bay, Alaska, the most competitive fishing season on Earth takes place throughout four short weeks. ALASKA: BATTLE ON THE BAY submerges viewers within a high-stakes fishing drama as 1,800 captains and their crews draw the battle lines to help save Alaska's ecosystem by reeling in a massive sockeye salmon payday. With potential fortune swimming just below the surface, five captains prepare to battle the unforgiving bay, the battering ram of boats jockeying for position and the law, which strictly monitors the season with recon choppers and police squads. On the bay, fishing for the nearly 44 million salmon is necessary for the environment, and arm of the law is long, tempers are short and every single decision is the difference between drawing a huge income and settling for pennies. 
Alaska: Ice Cold Killers|2012|Ice Cold Killers is a true crime documentary set in the harshest of climates that are as cold as the killers it features. Each episode details the sadistic acts of a murderer against an environment that is as unforgiving, as they are to their victims. 
Alaska: The Last Frontier|2011|Centers on the Kilcher family and their community outside Homer, Alaska. Begun by patriarch Yule Kilcher who immigrated from Europe during WWII, and currently led by his sons, Otto and Atz Kilcher (singer Jewel's father) the family have lived on their land for four generations. The show also features the homesteaders who live nearby and interact with the Kilchers. 
Alaskan Bush People|2014|A journey deep into Alaska's bush, where naturalist and adventurer Billy Brown, along with his wife, Ami, and their seven children, chooses to live life on his own terms, connected to wild nature and bonded to each other. The family of nine strives to be self-sufficient against all odds- often shunning modern society to live off the wilderness and to walk where no man has ever walked before. After the tragic death of his parents and sister that left him orphaned at 16, Billy Brown vowed to live life on his own terms and create his own family to reclaim the love that he lost. With Ami by his side, Billy traveled the lower 48 states and eventually found home in the sprawling landscape of the last frontier, where they have spent most of the last 30 years raising their children. "Our family is doing what is natural for human beings to do. We survive on what we hunt, fish, trap and barter for," Brown says. "We explore, we wander, we live. If you think about it, it's the life we were meant to live." 
Alaskan Steel Men|2013|Alaskan Steel Men, is set in remote Kodiak, Alaska, following the adventures of a team of extreme heavy metal welders. Dennis and his wife Theresa own Quality Marine Alaska and have assembled some of the best welders and pipe fitters in the business. Their weapon in the war against Mother Nature is fire and steel. The conditions in Kodiak are brutal. One mistake can cost lives. From welding underwater in icy cold seas and saving sinking fishing boats, to sealing a crack inside a floating barge that's getting crushed by epic ice flows, the team at QMA takes on the most dangerous emergencies in Alaska. Dennis and his men are fearless, tough as nails and never hesitate to put their lives on the line to get the job done. 
Alaskan Women Looking for Love|2013|As their time in Miami comes to an end, the women must decide the future of their relationships, will they stay in Miami, can their men come back to Alaska, or is it all over? Tina finally meets a guy, and Jenny's erratic behavior spirals out of control. 
Albert & Herbert|1974|Herbert has applied for part-ownership in a sailing-boat, which will take ten young people on a trip around the world. He is 35 years old and this will be his chance to break off from his father and experience the world on his own. As he will be away for some years, he has decided to put his father in a home for old people. When Albert hears about this, he becomes shocked, angry and depressed. When Herbert leaves him at the nursing home, Albert refuses to talk with his son anymore. 
Albert II|2013|Largely fictionalized, partly fictitious chapters from the life of the Belgian royal family during and around the reign of king Albert II. Besides his duties, including signing a more federal regime for the Belgian state, focus is on his marital troubles, illegal offspring and unruly sons. Albert's elder brother and predecessor Boudewijn I and his widow Fabiola also play a largely fictionalized part. 
Alberto Casiraghy: Poeta della stampa|2016|A long conversation with Alberto Casiraghy shot from 2014 that made of the art of printing not just a job but a way of life, a way to make friends and a way to love literature and live it. Publishing with his Pulcinoelefante about ten thousand books in ultra limited edition to many well-known personalities. It remains indelible her life together with her friend poet Alda Merini which has published more than a thousand books. 
Alcanzar una estrella|1990|Lorena is platonic love Eduardo Casablanca, who is a famous actor and singer; knows a cocktail presentation of his latest album and his first soap opera star. Some time later, Lorena goes on vacation to Ixtapa, where coincidentally Sequences Eduardo is recording some stars in the soap opera. The illusion and fantasy of young love, the drive to invent an affair with Eduardo, which is followed with interest by her colleagues, who like her, are great fans of the actor and singer. When Lorena is discovered, it falls into a depression that makes you lose all interest in life, despite the efforts of Norma, her mother and Aurora, her best friend. Eduardo intuits the sensitivity of a secret friend to send anonymous letters, confessing a beautiful feeling, sim plenearlo, has a reunion with Lorena and kisses impulsively do not understand. Lorena is discovered by Joaquin, the representative of Eduardo and begins a successful career that is very close view of Roque and Deborah who is bent on destroying his artistic life and his relationship with the singer. 
Alcatraz|2012|On March 21, 1963, the inmates and guards at Alcatraz prison mysteriously disappear. To cover up the problem, the government reports to the public that the prison has been closed because of unsafe conditions. A secret government unit was set-up to find the prisoners. Now, in the present-day, the inmates begin returning - unaged and unaware of where they have spent the missing decades - and continue their criminal ways. They are acting out of character and appear to be searching for specific objects. A federal agent employs a police officer and a conspiracy theory novelist to help track them down. 
Alcatraz: Living Hell|2007|It was the world's largest concrete building, housing the world's most dangerous criminals. What design strengths made Alcatraz invincible? And what design failures made it a mecca for escape. Uncover the incredible of story of man vs. prison in ALCATRAZ: LIVING HELL. 
Alchemy|1998|Australia's first television program focusing on dance and electronic music. This late-night show quickly became a cult phenomenon after interviews with Australian artists The Avalanches, Pnau, Infusion, B(ift)ek and internationals Bjork, The Chemical Brothers, Run DMC, Fatboy Slim, Underworld and Carl Cox. The show was a follow-on from the world music and hip hop-focused radio program Alchemy on SBS Radio established by Frank Rodi, but became more interested in the contemporary movements of all electronic music, extending to House, Techno, Drum 'n' Bass with a genuine interest in ambient electronica and IDM. The hour-long, weekly show had an interesting structure being hosted in the studio by three VJ/presenters: Frank Rodi (of SBS Radio), Robbie Buck (then of ABC Radio Triple J) and Nicole Fossati (a music promoter and occasional ABC Radio DJ). The shows had a mix of video clips, music charts and interviews with the artists along with a section titled the 'Scrapbook' which explored a more documentary approach to those with obsessive tendencies in collecting or producing music. Two special hour-long episodes were dedicated to German Electronica and also to the UK artist Aphex Twin. The show took an experimental and exploratory approach to its format, playing with the self-referential (edits were occasionally punctuated with a graphic reading "edit"; text read via a teleprompter was overlaid in mirror over the footage of the presenter reading it; interviews were intercut and remixed into the music played by the artist), many dance floor tracks which did not yet have a video clip had clips produced in-house on a weekly basis and interviews were often held in strange or outrightly stupid locations and environments (David Thrussell was interviewed by Rodi whilst swimming in the infamous overhanging lap pool of the Adelphi Hotel in Melbourne; other interviews were held via security camera, in moving vehicles or shot on a stills camera and re-filmed off a slide projector). This interest in the visual side of music culture extended to being the first music show in Australia to credit the director of the video clip alongside the music producer and record company. 
Alcoa Premiere|1961|Hosted by famous dancer and actor Fred Astaire, this series presented a new drama with each week's episode. Unlike some of the earlier drama series, which tended either toward classics or toward light subject matter, this series often had powerful stories about painful or controversial subjects. Many big names got involved with this series, including actors like Charlton Heston and Lee Marvin, directors like John Ford, and writers like Ray Bradbury. 
Alcoa Theatre|1957|When The Alcoa Hour dramatic anthology series moved from Sunday night to Monday, both the name and the format were changed. Instead of having a completely different cast for each episode, the series now used a set group of actors who would appear repeatedly throughout the series in various roles. While most of the productions were serious dramas, a few comedies were also included in the mix. 
Aldnoah.Zero|2014|In 1972, an ancient alien hypergate was discovered on the surface of the moon. Using this technology, humanity began migrating to Mars and settling there. After settlers discovered additional advanced technology, the Vers Empire was founded, which claimed Mars and its secrets for themselves. Later, the Vers Empire declared war on Earth, and in 1999, a battle on the Moon's surface caused the hypergate to explode, shattering the Moon and scattering remnants into a debris belt around the planet. Cut off from Mars, the remnants of the Vers Empire established several massive orbital space stations within the debris belt and a ceasefire was established. 15 years later, in 2014, an attack on the Vers princess during a peace mission causes the Empire to launch a new attack on Earth, this time determined to conquer it once and for all. In 1972, the Apollo 17 mission found a hypergate to Mars on the surface of the moon. Upon landing, astronauts discovered a enchanted utility later referred to as "Aldnoah," giving the astronauts a status of superiority. Soon, many humans have relocated to Mars, and have adapted to the name "Martians." After Princess Asseylum, a royal Martian princess, descends onto Earth in an attempt to create a treaty between both planets, a war breaks out between Earth and Mars, and Martian soldiers begin to descend from the sky, riding steel giants, intent on exterminating humanity. 
Alec in WILDerland|2012|In this reality show Alec, a boy from Texas, is exploring different and interesting outdoor locations around Texas, other cool places in the US and also places overseas like in South Africa or Australia. He experiences a lot of adventures and demonstrates several survival techniques and explains a lot about the nature, animals and things you can experience in the nature. 
Alejandra|1994|Alejandra is a beautiful woman who has dedicated her life to the medical profession in an effort to rise above her tormented, humble beginnings and prove to herself and those around her that she can make a contribution to society. After a one-year medical internship in the rural areas of her country, Alejandra returns to her family's working-class neighborhood. She obtains a job at the local hospital, where she confronts the hospital director--the famed surgeon Alejandro Antunez--with the news that she is his illegitimate daughter, determined to prove to him that she did not need him in order to succeed in life. Alejandra's presence has a great impact on Dr. Antunez's life; the daughter he had long-forgotten is now a capable and intelligent physician who sparks a renewed sense of pride in him. Everyone seems to respect the abilities of the young female doctor...except for Dr. Luis Jose Baez, a brilliant young intern who is equally well-known for his male chauvinism and womanizing ways. Alejandra and Luis Jose's growing attraction for each other is masked behind their frequent conflicts, but love blossoms despite themselves. Alejandra gets pregnant. And along comes Morella, Luis Jose's estranged wife, a beautiful older woman whose obsession for him may forever keep Alejandra. 
Alejo y Valentina|2002|Alejo and Valentina are a couple that lives in a house in the middle of the forest. They have a lot of adventures, some of them are parodies of popular films and TV series, but are hilarious as well. "Alejo and Valentina" is an Argentinian flash series which shows us the life of a couple which lives near the forest and are constantly having all sort of wicked situations, most of them spoofed from various Hollywood films. The rest of the cast consists on Carlitox, a young man who is able to float, the old man with a stick, who can appear everywhere and anywhere, Mathias, a crazy teenager, and Gregory, the cameraman from TLF. 
Alentejo Sem Lei|1988|Alentejo Lawless Land is a short series centered on the political struggle between the conservative and the liberal monarchist factions for the throne of Portugal, in the period of 1828 and 1843. Alentejo, the vast planes south of the Tagus river, poor in agricultural productivity and void of industrial resources, saw the political struggle of the nobles aggravated with the class struggle between the handful of land owners, and the mass of jobless have-nots. The empire of law faltered, and sheer power became law. 
Alex Hugo|2014|Former great Marseille cop Alex Hugo, nicknamed "La Tendresse", chose to leave the city and a violence that he could no longer bear to isolate himself in the mountains, driven by his need for freedom. He now occupies a position in the French 'Police Rurale' and enjoys a tranquility which he was previously unaccustomed to. 
Alex Reed|2017|Alex Reed takes every day as it comes. He works for a special clandestine operations group known as Arcane, and along with his fellow agent, Andy, they're thrown into all manner of morally questionable situations and are expected to grit their teeth and power through. The consequences of their actions begin to weigh on their conscience as their lives are whittled down again and again. 
Alex Reyes and the Importantes|????|In this series, Alex Reyes, a ten-year-old Cuban-American boy, goes on the adventure of his young life when Captain Badcar, along with his wacky crew from the Planet Vega, take him aboard the powerful ship, the Alpha Omega, on a quest to find the seven "IMPORTANTES": sentient fragments formed at the creation of the universe that possess immeasurable power and unknown potential. 
Alex|2017|When a dirty cop decides to go straight after having accidentally shot his partner, he must first get dirtier than ever as the gangsters he used to work for go after his family, while his new partner, a by the book careerist, is out to get him. 
Alex's Day Off|2009|Alex Guarnaschelli, professional chef, working mom and passionate home cook, invites viewers to learn her down-to-earth recipes in Alex's Day Off. Alex shows how cooking her personal style of American, French and Italian faire can be elegant and approachable, with a side of sass. 
Alex's Guy|2017|Alex Burnell is a successful business woman enjoying a life of simplicity. She is living her life not worrying about dating and the troubles that goes along with it. That is until she meets Guy. Will Alex welcome Guy into her life or will she continue life as she knows it? 
Alexander Senki|1997|Alexander the Great was the world's most powerful warrior. Reign is a 21st century science-fiction retelling of the legend of this Macedonian king. A visual masterpiece, Reign tells the story of Alexander's's triumphs through engaging characters, intricate plots and glorious battle sequences. 
Alexander|2001|Alexander is best described as a Flemish tame, low-budget version of classic British sitcom "Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em", as Alexander Verdoodt is, like Frank, a clumsy idiot who invariably messes up everything he touches. God knows what his sweet wife, also called Betsy, ever saw in him, everyone one else wisely chooses to keep well-meaning, naive good-for-nothing Alexander at arms length, or rather as far as possible. 
Alexander's Lost World|2013|Did Alexander the Great really build sixteen cities in Afghanistan, or was he the destroyer of a far more ancient civilization? David Adams goes in search of the most alluring of them all - Alexandria on the Oxus. The Ancient Greeks have long been credited for bringing civilization to the East. In fact it appears to be the other way round. Alexander discovered a highly developed civilization - a lost world - that pre-dated even the Persians. As Adams unravels the mysteries of the Oxus Civilizations, its great fortress cities are dramatically recreated in stunning CGI. Traveling through the most remote regions of Afghanistan unarmed, Adams and his Cameraman live as everyday Afghans gaining a most unique insight into the people and our shared heritage. 
Alexis Joy VIP Access|2011|Alexisjoyvipaccess showcases interviews with celebrities and red carpet event coverage at renowned events including the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards, Vidcon, Latin American Music Awards, Arthur Ashe Kids' Day, Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Sports, Nickelodeon HALO Awards, MTV's "Teen Wolf" and "Sweet / Vicious" Premiere Party and more. 
Alfa Papa Tango|1990|This closest Flemish equivalent of "Third watch" (but 9 years older) is about the work of a Fire Department in a Belgian town, comprised mainly of volunteers but lead by a professional cadre, the grumpy Adjudant (as in France a rank just under Second Lieutenant) Maurice Haegeman being in daily charge and trying to impose a type of discipline even military professionals wouldn't stomach easily nowadays, under the authority of colonel Walter Halleux who is more concerned with political liaison, budget etc. Naturally the more personal aspects of life in the fire station (bunking, waiting...) and in some cases interwoven private lives also provide story lines, besides the various operations: fire alerts (false and true), kitty in a tree, removing a wasps nest etc. 
Alfonso Bonzo|1990|Billy Webb is a young boy who likes to swap things with his school mates. He meets Alfonso Bonzo, an "Italian exchange student" who also has a talent for swapping things (thus his self-description: he is an Italian student who exchanges things). Alfonso offers Billy a variety of temporary swaps to demonstrate his abilities: Billy's boring old dog for a greyhound that does ballet, the wonky Webb family television for a new model with a button that lets the viewer become part of the action, Billy's battered schoolbag full of unfinished homework for a brand new schoolbag containing a file folder that magically produces finished homework... but each swap has disadvantages as well as advantages, and Alfonso Bonzo cuts an increasingly sinister figure as he leads up to one last swap, this one for keeps. The TV series later had a spinoff called Billy Webb's Amazing Stories, featuring Billy's further (non-Alfonso-related) adventures. About some kid, Billy Webb, who likes to swap things, and who meets this Italian bloke (Alfonso Bonzo) who likes swapping things. This program was a lot better than it sounds, and had a cool theme tune. Had a spin-off series, Billy Webb's Amazing Stories. 
Alfred Hitchcock Presents|1955|Master of suspense Alfred Hitchcock presents several short stories. The stories are invariably surprising, often containing elements of horror, comedy, and mystery. Alfred Hitchcock, the Master of Suspense hosts his own television show, "Alfred Hitchcock Presents". Hitchcock introduced the show which was then followed by a short half an hour episode which contained, suspense, horror and humour. After the story, Hitchcock would come back and end the show. 
Alfred J. Kwak|1989|Alfred J. Kwak is the son of Johan Sebastian and Anna Kwak. When their beloved home is disturbed by the development of a new theme park, his parents are forced to move (along with all of their children). When the family is on their way to the farm of an uncle of a very good friend, Henk de Mol, Alfred's parents and all of his siblings are the victims of a tragic car accident. Henk de Mol takes upon him the task of raising the little duck as he was his own son. In the years to come, Alfred experiences a lot of adventures. 
Alfredo Tomato|2009|Rusty and Gabie fish Alfredo out of the lake and they become fast friends as Alfredo learn for the first time that he is, in fact, a tomato. Thus begins Alfredo's existential journey to discover his identity through song, dance and, most importantly, friends. 
Alguien Te Mira|2007|Four people bound together by friendship, love and obsession witness a crime. The victim is a well-known socialite, and hers is the third recent murder to shock the city in which our story is set. Before this most recent death, the mysterious disappearance of a sophisticated businesswoman was being closely followed by both the police and the media. According to their investigations, a psychopathic serial killer is thought to be choosing beautiful, independent and wealthy women as targets. These women were all murdered according to the same modus operandi: a deep, straight cut to the heart. The police try to gather evidence that would help them discover the identity of this psychopath. In the meantime, everyone is a suspect. Slowly, the circle closes in on the most likely of the suspects, cornering them. Yet only one of them is the killer, and, as days go by, the time will come when his true identity is revealed. 
Alguna pregunta mÈs?|2004|This odd variety show displays scenes from Spanish and Catalan television (as well as international television) and mocks them by playing little "reaction clips". It also features some live action segments, such as "Homo APM", where a man recites random quotes from the show to civilians in public places, and "OlÈ tu", where comedian Peyu points out urban flaws in towns and villages all over Catalonia. 
Ali's Greatest Fights|1967|The Thrilla in Manila will always be remembered as one of the greatest boxing matches ever to take place. Ali vs. Frazier III, would be bigger and more significant than their previous two bouts. This one was for supremacy. This one was winner take all. 
Alia|2008|This new TV format has the goal of teaching in a simple way what for many people is quite complicated: mathematical concepts. Every episode's plot takes our main character, ¬lia, to a real life situation in which she has to find her way out of a difficult situation applying a mathematical concept. 
Aliados|2013|The humanity has come to its limits, the creative force needs to prove that humanity has hope or life on earth will come to an end. To do that she chooses 6 humans and sends alies for each of them...could they prove that humanity can change in 105 days? 
Aliah|2011|Aliah is a Muslim college student who after being engaged for two years to her militant fiancÈ finds that her faith and her love life have taken two divergent paths. She ponders the taboo subject of a inter-faith relationship that places her at odds with her family and her determined fiancÈ. What is a girl to do when all you want to do is just live your life? 
Alias Grace|2017|Grace Marks, incarcerated for 15 years in Kingston Penitentiary for her part in a grisly double murder, is interviewed by a mental specialist hired by a group trying to secure her release. She tells him the story of her emigration to Canada from Ireland with her family, and of her mother's death on board ship. 
Alias Smith and Jones|1971|Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry, two of the most wanted outlaws in the history of the West, are popular "with everyone except the railroads and the banks", since "in all the trains and banks they robbed, they never shot anyone". They are offered an amnesty on condition that they stay out of trouble for a year and that they don't tell anyone about it. With a view to keeping their noses clean they adopt the identities of Smith and Jones and use all of their ingenuity keeping out of the way of the law. 
Alias|2001|Sydney Bristow is a young, athletic, college graduate who was recruited her freshman year as a secret agent for SD-6, a top-secret branch of the CIA. After a few years -- after Sydney confides her lifestyle to her boyfriend, the evil head of SD-6 -- Arvin Sloan, has him killed. Sydney learns that SD-6 is part of a rogue international agency called the Alliance of 12, out to rule the world. She becomes a double agent, working with the real CIA to bring down SD-6 with the assistance of her handler, Michael Vaughn, and her estranged father Jack Bristow -- also a double agent. Along the way, Sydney fights various rival agents, rival terrorist groups, and traitors all the while keeping her cloak-and-dagger lifestyle a secret from her friends. (Season 1) For seven years, Sydney Bristow believed she was working for a covert branch of the CIA, named SD-6. However, when she tells her fiance of her job, Arvin Sloane, head of SD-6 and an old family friend, has him murdered. With this life-shattering event, Sydney learns not only that SD-6 is a mercenary group of terrorists, but that her father, too, works for SD-6. Sydney then works with the CIA as a double agent, trying to bring down SD-6 with her father, a second double. This is only the beginning of a path of betrayal, murder, lies, and disbelief. Sydney Bristow pushes through trials of love, learns the truth about her mother, loses a friend in an utter form of incredulity, pitfalls herself into months of torture and puzzlement, and is tormented with countless revelations to come. 
Alice Pearce|1949|Hosted by by noted comedienne Alice Pearce in the earliest days of the ABC network, this program offered viewers a mix of humor and music, provided by Pearce and her pianist partner Mark Lawrence, every Friday evening. Short in both episode and series length, the fifteen minute program ran for just slightly over two months in early 1949. 
Alice Through the Looking Glass|1973|Step through the looking glass with Alice into this strange and intriguing world and meet the White King and the Red Queen in the first of 12 fascinating stories adapted by Gyles Brandreth from Lewis Carroll's classic story. 
Alice auf der Flucht|1998|Alice Mancini, the young German wife of the Italian ambassador in Berlin, Mario Mancini, unexpectedly meets her husband's younger brother Vittorio who is presumed dead. Vittorio makes several mysterious references to the fate of Mario's first wife Alma, who apparently committed suicide ten years previously. Her curiosity aroused, Alice starts doing some research - but gets no answers either from her husband or his family. Several warnings later, when Alice still won't stop digging up the past , she suddenly finds herself the subject of an evil and complex intrigue: she is suspected of murder, and is forced to flee. Her only chance is to uncover the whole truth. Her exciting and adventure-filled flight into the past takes her from Berlin to Hamburg, Ireland and finally Florence, straight into the powerful Mancini family. There, with Vittorio's help, she discovers what Alma was concealing from her: her husband had an incestuous relationship with his mother, and his youngest brother Alessandro was the child resulting from the relationship. The influential family decided to hide this secret at all costs for fear of scandal. Shortly before the Mancinis manage to dispatch Alice to an institution in the same way they did with Alma, Alice begins to collect information that proves her innocence and heralds the fall of the House of Mancini. Alice and Vittorio are free from the shades of the past, and free to begin a new life. 
Alice in Wonderland|1986|One of the most well-known stories begins one golden summer afternoon. Alice is sitting on a riverbank with her sister when a fully-dressed, talking rabbit runs past her. She follows the rabbit down the hole and enters a nonsensical world where it seems the normal rules of logic do not apply. In Wonderland, Alice participates in a winner-less race, alternates between being tiny and giant, hears riddles at a "mad" tea party, plays croquet with live flamencos, and attends a trial where the Knave of Hearts is accused of stealing the Queen's tarts. Join Alice as she encounters the Hatter, the Cheshire Cat, and others as she makes her way through Wonderland. 
Alice to Nowhere|1986|A nurse who has been hired to staff a remote outpost in the Australian outback unwittingly carries a stash of jewels taken in a foiled robbery. The robbers track her to the outback, and are determined to let nothing--and no one--get in the way of them retrieving their loot. 
Alice to Zouroku|2017|The story centers on a little girl called Sana, who is one of the children that holds the power of "Alice's Dream", an ability that enables her to materialize anything she imagines. After escaping a lab where she was a test subject, Sana ends up in a normal world where she encounters an old man named Zouroku, but will he help her? 
Alice|1976|A greasy-spoon diner in Phoenix, Arizona is the setting for this long-running series. The title character, Alice Hyatt, is an aspiring singer who arrives in Phoenix with her teenaged son, Tommy, after the death of her truck-driver husband. Alice is hired at a diner owned by Mel Sharples, a gravel-voiced, male-chauvinist fry cook. She works at Mel's Diner as a waitress while awaiting her big break at fame. Alice's fellow waitresses are the raucous, red-headed Flo and the naive, temperamental, less attractive Vera. Flo is later replaced by Belle, a Southern blonde, who is herself soon replaced by the spunky, curly-haired Jolene. Alice and her friends experience several interesting years together at Mel's Diner, which is frequented by quirky truck drivers, repairmen, and other blue collar types and by several Hollywood celebrities, who appear as themselves. After the death or her husband Don, Alice Hyatt is on her way to Hollywood to become a singer, but her car breaks down in Phoenix with her son Tommy. She has no money so she takes a job at Mel's Diner. Mel is a loud, cheap man who pays very little. Alice's co-workers are the man hungry Florence Jean Castlebury nicknamed Flo, and the ditsy but lovable Vera Gorman. After Flo leaves for a hostess job, she is replaced by Belle Dupree another aspiring singer who only stays around for about a year because she gets her dream. She is replaced by ex-truck-driver, sarcastic Jolene. Many interesting people were regular customers Henry and Earl etc. In later seasons Vera got married to the lovable Elliot. 
Alice, I Think|2006|Alice, I Think is a story about the misadventures of Alice's unconventional family and their odd collection of friends living in the northern town of Smithers, BC. The show follows the family as they encounter life's ups, downs and occasional absurdities. 
Alien Dawn|2013|16-year-old Cameron Turner has been struggling to cope with the mysterious disappearance of his father, astronaut hero and comic book artist Brady Turner. All seems lost when police call off the investigation. However, when Cameron discovers his father's hidden unfinished graphic novel, he realizes his father knew some dangerous information, and it's up to Cameron to find him. 
Alien Deep with Bob Ballard|2012|Dr. Bob Ballard, best known for his work finding and exploring the Titanic, hosts this five-part event, which reveals what really happens thousands of feet beneath the surface of the Earth's oceans. Dr. Ballard and a team of experts -- including Apollo 11 astronaut Buzz Aldrin; TV personality Bill Nye the Science Guy; and oceanographers, climatologists, professional surfers, fishermen and boat pilots -- travel the world, seeking answers to questions at the root of earth and humanity. To find these answers, Dr. Ballard visits breathtaking sites from volcanoes submerged more than 3,000 feet beneath the Hawaiian islands, to shipwrecks on forgotten ancient Greek trade routes, to cracks in the ocean floor where red-hot magma pours into open water, with cameras capturing never-before-seen rock formations, lava vents and unusual species that call the ocean bottom home. The five episodes are: "Fires of Creation," which highlights his trip from the top of Mauna Kea volcano to the crown of Loihi, its submerged cousin known as the youngest volcano in the Hawaiian Archipelago, showing how heat and magma bubble up to create life and new land masses; "Wrecks of the Abyss," which documents his deep-water search for ancient shipwrecks in the Mediterranean, informing our understanding of maritime travel from Greece to Egypt in the ancient world; "It's Alive," which features his search for life in the darkness and chill of waters thousands of feet beneath the surface on the slopes of the Mid-Ocean ridges, where molten lava superheats the ocean, mixing in the nutrients for marine life that has adapted to the harsh environment; "Ocean's Fury," which seeks to understand whether the ocean is growing more dangerous by the day and how rogue waves are getting larger and more frequent on the seas; and "Inner vs. Outer Space," which explores how the Earth's waters -- and not outer space -- may be the key to long-term survival of the human race. 
Alien Encounters|2012|Alien Encounters is a docudrama revolving around an alien space ship that was spotted traveling to earth for unknown reasons. Throughout the episodes, we are presented with the fictitious but all too familiar documentary style scientific details of our technologies, alien technologies and how this encounter develops. 
Alien Hunter|2001|In the early part of the 22nd century, mankind had grown tired of what was known as "artificial entertainment," and sought for diversion on a more "organic level." As a result, intergalactic zoos became the new rage, with each zoo trying to outdo the other in a quest to exhibit the most rare and exotic alien creature. Chief among these zoos was The IZI, headed by Dr. Wilson Theroue, and his head tracker, Bjorn Straak, also known as The Alien Hunter... 
Alien Nation|1989|A flying saucer crashed in the Mojave Desert and its inhabitants turned out to be alien slaves, bred to be super intelligent and strong, and controllable by their Overseers. These Tenctonese, or "Newcomers", have been assimilated (sort of) into the population of Los Angeles. One of them, George Francisco, is a police detective with a human partner, Matthew Sikes. George and Matt fight crime together, while learning to respect the other's culture, and question his own. They also fight prejudice, as personified by the Purists, and fear, in the form of the unseen Overseers, who seek to regain control over their slaves. 
Alien Racers|2005|Xenoc, the heart of the universe, holds the valuable energy source known as Xeno-energy. It has the power to create or destroy. For eons, this cosmic energy gathered and destroyed civilizations until the wisest and oldest species, Zenterrans, managed to land containment chambers on the planet surface. Fearing that every race would be waring over the contained energy, Master Khadan issued a contest. Each alien civilization would choose their champion for this great power and whoever controls the Xeno-energy will decide the fate of the universe. Since the Zenterrans were extending their neutrality, even the Kragnans would come. The Kragnans, a race of fierce crablike creatures who travel in space ships made of lava and land vehicles made of bones, have enslaved or eaten half of the universe. They seek more energy for hatching their new generation of eggs. The protagonist, Ultrox, knows there is more to Xeno-energy than even the Zenterrans know. Just then, he notices a Kragnan ship on a crash course. He saves its imprisoned occupant, Jek, from a squad of Klaw Troopers. Just before he was vaporized by another Kragnan ship, the gangster named Seadrok accidentally dropped his space anchor on the ship, thus saving his life. After a little persuasion by dropping Ne'tal champion G'rog, Ultrox joins the races. 
Alien Watch|2012|Alien Watch is a facetious sitcom, depicting notable conspiracy theories and alien sightings. Think you can separate the real from the fake? This fun-humored show delights the senses, capitalizing on the allurement of the unknown. Surrender your mind as you explore the realm of possibilities. Host Terry White, and guest show hosts, enact through comedic skits and dialogue as alien agents, attempting to maintain their undercover identities while galaxy hopping from one planet to the next. Grab a tin foil hat and get ready to unleash your inner alien. 
Alienators: Evolution Continues|2001|Taking up where the movie Evolution (2001) left off, this animated series features Dr. Ira Kane, Dr. Henry Block, Wayne Green, along with new character Lt. Lucy, as they try to stop the spreading of the alien organisms known as the Genus. Each episode features the Genus evolving into a new form of life, infecting the Earth. 
Aliens Among Us|2002|12 Year Old Cosnok from the Planet Gontop has made a great discovery: he has found alien kids on a small planet called Earth. With his trusty Vomputka and its amazing mindreading device, he can see these "earthlings" secret thoughts. 
Aliens in America|2007|A community theater group is putting on "Rent." Franny wants Justin to audition, but he won't, so she convinces him to join the crew. After Justin meets Zoe, a cute actress, he auditions for the male lead and gets the part. Meanwhile, Claire joins the school's teen hotline. 
Aliens in the Family|1987|It is the summer holidays and teenager Jacqueline ("Jake") is visiting her newly remarried father and his family (including teenager Dora and her young brother Lewis) for the first time. Emotions and tensions run high as everyone tries to establish where they fit in this new dynamic. Meanwhile, on a distant planet, Bond is about to embark on a perilous mission to Earth to seek information and to find his sister, Solita. But he is alone and in danger. When their paths cross, Bond and the children must learn a lesson in friendship and family ties and reconsider the notion of what it is to be an outsider. 
Alif Allah Aur Insaan|2017|Alif Allah Aur Ainsaan is a set of different stories connected with each other. The title refers to the Arabic letter Alif, which the letter that begins both of the words Allah (Arabic word for God) and Ainsaan (the Arabic word for human).The story is about the relationship of God with humans as well as about how different are the humans from each other. Alif Allah Aur Insaan is the story of trust and relationships, story revolves around five people from five totally different backgrounds and their faith and conviction. It highlights the concept of how the creator rewards the people who believe in hard work and patience. It depicts the story of a young landlord Shahzeb who once saw Nazneen Malik on her sisters wedding and fell in love with her, similarly Nazneen happens to be the spoilt child of her rich father Hashmat Malik. On the same wedding, Nazneen insults Shamu and his fellows for being Transgenders after which Shammu curses her that one day she will lose all her fate. Simultaneously Basit happens to be son of Malik's most respected workers/servants. On the other hand, Story depicts the life of Rani a street beggar who is forced to beg and bring money to her father, she believes in Human equality and saved Shamu from mocking goons which left him in love with her. One day Rani comes across a beautiful place where a florist tells her about the beauty and fate of the towns well known woman 'Nigar Begum', this fascinates Rani who constantly prays to be like her one day. It is revealed that Nigar begum is a head courtesan who shelters homeless girls in her brothel to work for her, it is also revealed in flashbacks that Shahzeb was once forced by his friends to see Nigar Begum's Mujra dance. Despite going there on his friend's consent, Shahzeb was least interested and remained decent which made Negar falling in love with him, but he rejects her love and insults after which a heartbroken Nigar curses him that one day he will be rejected by the same way he rejected her. Story takes turn when Rani escapes her house and asks Nigar to keep her as her maid, keeping in mind that once she has arrived she can never go back. Shamu decides to works with necessity and becomes a well known beautician. Nazneen on the other hand falls in love with Basit where as Shahzeb is constantly told by a moulvi to never prioritise his love over religion. Simultaneously Rani (now known as Reena) regrets to leave her house. Shamu helps her to escape Nigar's brothel and she realises that God has given her chance to escape, but she still decides to fulfil her dreams. 
Alignment|2012|A supernatural twist on destiny and beyond. Among other powers, Miranda Taggart has the ability to "Align" people with their destiny or true calling in life. The demon Nozzikahl and the elder Olivia Shaun want to manipulate these gifts for their own purposes. 
Aline|2008|Alie's parents are about to separate. She knows a specialist in soul mates and decides to ask her to help find a new love for his mother. But when Vera knows that Aline has 2 lovers, Vera will do anything to separate the trio. Otto and Pedro find a job in a diner called "Rock Burger" and Paulo is a defender of the homeless and tries to raise food in the diner. 
Alisa znaet, chto delat!|2013|Erik finds an old student assignment in the archives of his grandfather, Professor Schroedinger. He decides to use it to construct a prototype of a mental explorer - a device capable of downloading information from any brain. Professor Gilliam, who has cunningly managed to break his way out of the Galactic Jail, offers to help Erik. Erik's experiment threatens to end in disaster for Marie White and the unlucky experimenter himself. Will Alisa manage to save her friends? 
Alisha|2015|Alisha is a crime investigative series set in the backdrop of the fashion industry. The series traces the journey of a 24-year-old fashion blogger turned investigator Alisha. A young, spunky and urban girl next door, she has a Sherlockian eye for detail. Stylish in every sense, Alisha follows and sets the fashion trends on one hand, while solving small time crime mysteries in the fashion industry on the other. 
Alive from Off Center|1984|A day in the life of a television viewer. Ann Magnuson plays close to 50 people in this channel hopping episode of "Alive From Off Center". Spot on parodies of MTV VJs, game show contestants, bad daytime movies ("Gidget Bites The Dust") and female televangelists are just some of the joys to behold in this 15 minute masterpiece. 
Alka|2006|When the war began, the graduates of choreographic school decided to make its way to the front. Young ballet dancers Alka and Nadia also dreamed of heroic deeds, but instead waited for routine work as a nurse in the hospital. Girls still succeeded and got to the front, where in the first bombardment Nadia is killed 
Alkali Ike|1950|After getting his start on one of Arthur Godfrey's talent programs, ventriloquist Al Robinson achieved a level of popularity sufficient to warrant a show of his own. Each program featured Al and his dummy, Alkali Ike, as Ike muddled through tutoring sessions in his quest to learn something new and escape boredom. 
All 4 Adventure|2009|Jase and Simon are back, and this time they are heading right to the middle of Australia. They have a mission from a museum to find an old survey marker, and along the way the boys get to test out their new gear, discover some historical spots, and meet some new friends. 
All 4our One|2009|The wild and crazy trials & tribulations of a ditsy, but sweet-natured mixed-race female, her multi-racial female friends, her womanizing male boss, and her freeloading half-brother are explored in this reluctantly witty sitcom, set in the Big City. 
All About Adam|2010|Archie (Martin Mendoza) meets different people in the modeling industry since his girlfriend, Mika Sugimoto (Aimee dela Pena), is one of Janina's (Reena Rae), top models in the agency. He must learn how to deal with nasty male models who always hit on his girl. 
All About April|2010|April is frustrated by Brad & Brittany's relationship. She escapes the apartment for the afternoon when she gets an offer to hang out from Mark. Mark tries to take their relationship to the next level, April is uncomfortable. Brad & Brittany try to figure out what they might be able to do besides make out. 
All About Faces|1971|In "All About Faces," two celebrity teams were shown a vignette in which an average person was secretly filmed. The "average Joe" was eventually caught in the middle of a moral or ethical dilemma; as the situation reached its climax, the vignette was stopped and the celebrities would then wager money on how they think the situation will be resolved (the subject's facial expressions also figured into the teams' decisions; hence the show's title). The rest of the film vignette was then shown with the outcome; whichever team amassed the most cash at the end of the show won the game. 
All About Jack|2009|All about Jack: Australia's Freshest New Comedy, a 27 minute Howling Wolf Films movie, features Australian actors Max Lewis and Paul James, who engage in crude joking behavior and clich''-filled soliloquies. The constantly changing plot mirrors the swift progression of emotions from ecstasy to sadness to indifference. Jack, as he is so aptly named, is given to the protagonist Maddie from her friend as a random gift. Maddie immediately befriends the brown mutt and looks to him for support and love. She claims to have named her new dog after her "hero," Jack Sparrow, the bad-boy conquistador of the fictional Pirates of the Caribbean movie series, played by Johnny Depp. What follows is a narrated flashback that exposes Maddie's failed marriage years ago tarnished by her ex-love Marshall's infidelity. In doing so, it illuminates her new dog Jack as a source of revitalization for Maddie from her earlier days of darkness. 
All About John Deere for Kids|2004|Big new tractors, excavators, planters, dozers, and dump trucks mixed with vintage John Deere tractors. Learn about prepping the field for planting, cultivating and the harvest. Plus the music of James Coffey. Kids learn, laugh and want more. 
All About Lizzie|2012|Jordan a newly grad working as a writer at a very popular magazine has been forced to take huge pay cut. This pay cut forces Jordan to either pack up and move home or take on a roommate. While searching for a roommate, Jordan runs into his old, college, girlfriend Lizzie. Lizzie, the love of Jordan's life, broke Jordan's heart when she left him for her lesbian lover two years ago. Lizzie an unemployed actress, on the verge of being homeless, convinces Jordan to let her become his new roommate. Jordan and Lizzie's friends are highly against this merger. Despite all their friends arguments the two move in together. We now have Jordan living with his ex-girlfriend, who's now a lesbian. Can these two co-exist with each other? This new living arrangement will lead to many crazy adventures. 
All About Manos|2016|"All About Manos", is a story about two middle - aged women who have been friends since high school. They are searching to find their "mojo" in the "City of Angels" and through their desire to find out who they are they end up together forging ahead to find the answer why? Take a journey of making the impossible possible with them: from obsession to material addiction, Things that you just have to have at any cost to fill your soul. All roads lead to "Vic Manos." Will they find the true meaning of life and love? A dark comedy about a woman who is obsessed with one man she met in high school "Vic Manos". Geraldine Santini is in love. In Geraldine's eyes, Vic Manos is the one. It's a fine line between obsession and determination. 
All About Sex|2015|Sex, love, relationships and everything else in between are candidly discussed in this brand new late night talk show! Join Margaret Cho, Heather McDonald, Marissa Jaret Winokur and Dr. Tiffany Davis Henry, as they discuss America's favorite pastime. 
All About Us|2001|The teenage "dramedy" follows the fast friendship of four high school girls in Chicago with varied personalities and from different backgrounds. Alecia is a transplanted Alabamian whose passion is music and who wants to sing more than anything else. Niki is from a well-to-do family and enjoys the lifestyle of the rich--and boys--very much. Sierra is an idealist fervently committed to the causes she believes in and has a talent for organizing. Finally, Cris, usually called by her last name Castelli, is the athlete of the group and comes from an Italian-American family which runs its own restaurant. 
All About the Andersons|2003|Anthony's a struggling actor trying to provide a good life for his young son, Tuga. He makes the tough decision to move back in with his parents - and instantly remembers why he left. Tuga, however, reminds his father that this is the best way for their dreams to come true. 
All About the McKenzies|2012|Samuell McKenzie, 22, young father aspires to be a Hollywood superstar but is weighed down by his broken relationship, what doesn't help is his family who have their own little dramas, being the eldest son he must make an example. What's a young dad to do? 
All Access: Quest for the Stanley Cup|2016|For the first time, viewers get a front row seat inside the playoffs and championship series of a major North American sport as it unfolds. This documentary series chronicles the Eastern and Western Conference Finals and the Stanley Cup Final as the top-four NHLÆ teams battle for the chance to hoist the Stanley Cup. Go onto the ice, into the locker room, and inside the minds of the players and coaches as they chase what is called by many the hardest trophy to win in all of sports. 
All Along the Watchtower|1999|RAF Auchnacluchnie is a nearly abandoned cold-war early-warning radar station situated in the highlands of Scotland overlooking a small village. The two remaining staff Wing-Commander Campbell-Stokes ('Roger Blake') and Airman Tench ('Felix Bell' (qv)) don't seem to realise that the cold war is over and continue to ward off the threat of nuclear attack. All continues peacefully until HQ decide to send Flight Lieutenant Simon Harrison ('Chris Lang') to assess the effectiveness of the station. 
All American Girl|2003|The reality based game show starts out with 45 females that try out to become the all american girl. In the first episode the field of 45 is cut down to 15 by means of a talent show competition and and obstacle course. At the talent show and obstacle course, three coaches (Geri Halliwell, John Salley, Suzanne de Passe) decide who the 15 finalist should be. After the 15 finalist are decided, the coaches pick five girls to be on their team for the whole series. During the series, the three teams go through a training camp to train them in a vast array of disciplines that include athletic ability, mental agility, performance in the popular arts and beauty. Each week some of the contestants will be cut from the competion until there are only five on each team. Then it gets cut down to three contestants. After that, viewers decide who gets the title All American Girl. The creators of American Idol are staging a sensational competition to search for the ultimate "All American Girl." The show will search for women who are talented in the worlds of dancing, sports, singing or acting, and with the personality and charisma to stand out from the crowd. In the13-part series, one woman will be propelled to nationwide fame as the holder of the title "All American Girl." 
All American Ultra Quiz|1981|932 contestants compete in the most elaborate and expensive game show to be produced for American Television in 1981. The game begins on the field in Los Angeles' Dodger Stadium where several competitions are conducted to eliminate the majority of players and establish 84 survivors. Those contestants then meet at LAX and play one more game to decide who will board a chartered TWA 707 and fly around the world, landing in six cities (Little Rock, Arkansas; Washington, D.C.; London, England; Paris, France; Rome, Italy; and Athens, Greece) competing until there are only two finalists. Those two final contestants are returned to Los Angeles to compete on a live segment, while the losing contestants are sent home from each of the cities in which they lost. Craig Powers, from La Canada-Flintridge, California became the Ultra Quiz champion, winning $100,000. This game show pilot consisted of two 60-minute segments airing one week apart with the final competition cut-in live for the last 10 minutes of the second segment. 
All Around the Town|1951|Future television veteran Mike Wallace, together with his real-life wife, Buff Cobb, travel to various locations all around New York City. Whether at formal social events or casual family spots, the couple would strike up conversations and conduct interviews with their hosts and with the people they happened to meet around them. 
All Cats Are Grey|2011|A group of friends begins to notice that elements of their lives are different from what they believe they ought to be. Their investigation into these strange phenomena reveals that something very unusual has happened to them. While attempting to uncover the mystery they discuss some of the most fundamental questions of the universe and the human mind. 
All Creatures Great and Small|1978|James Herriot is a vet in Yorkshire, England, during the late 1930s and 1940's. He gets a job at the practice of Siegfried Farnon, who (together with his mischievous brother Tristan) already have a successful business. James undergoes a variety of adventures during his work, which are just as often caused by the characters of the county (including the Farnon brothers) as the animals in his care. 
All Dogs Go to Heaven: The Series|1996|This is the continuing adventures of Charlie and Itchy of "All Dogs Go To Heaven" movie fame. Now the pair are living in San Francisco, doing missions for Heaven on Earth, as directed by the head canine angel, Annabelle. Whenever they're not working, Charlie has some sort of scam going that tends to need Annabelle to teach him a lesson. 
All For Nothing?|2010|All For Nothing? is one part design transformation series, and one part fast-paced real estate drama that pits homeowner against homeowner in a competition to ready their neglected homes for sale. The catch? They have to attempt to do it all for nothing. Motivation is high, as the two sets of homeowners compete for a money-saving prize: the commission-free listing services from Ottawa's top real estate agent and one of the shows hosts, Paul Rushforth. Jam-packed full of ideas and tips from our top notch designer, Penny Southam, and solid real estate advice from real estate host, each episode inspires budget strapped viewers to take on the challenge of achieving professional pre-listing make-overs. The question is, can they do it... All For Nothing? 
All Forked Up|2013|Meet Al Mancini and John Curtas, renowned Las Vegas food critics who can't agree on anything to save their lives. Al sports a mohawk, John a bow-tie, and their differences don't end there. They are polar opposites when it comes to food. Al is right at home in a punk rock bar known for outrageous burgers or bacon martinis, while John would rather uncork a cult Cabernet for pairing with a perfectly dry-aged steak. Every week, this culinary odd couple explores a new city by forcing each other to their latest wild food find that reflects their differences. The one that finds the dish that best reflects each city will win bragging rights and the loser has to pay up on a crazy side bet. 
All Girls Garage|2012|ALL GIRLS GARAGE taps into the expertise of three women working behind the gears at an automotive shop. In each episode, the women approach complex projects that rival those undertaken by their male counterparts in order to prove they have what it takes to run a female-dominated car shop. 
All Good Things|2016|All Good Things is a series of short monologues on the theme of past relationships. We asked writers to submit three minute scripts about "things you wish you had said to your ex", and picked six of our favourites to make a series that explores love, loss, betrayal, and heartbreak. 
All Grown Up!|2003|Follows the adventures of the whole Rugrats gang. But, now they're all grown up. Angelica's nicer, Chuckie's a risk taker, and the rest of the gang have changed too. The adventures follow the gang in their pre-teen/teen years. Don't forget Spike and the grown ups; they're older, too. 
All Hail King Julien|2014|King Julien is here to party, and no one can stop him from ruling with an iron fist... in the air, wavin' like he just doesn't care! ALL HAIL KING JULIEN brings the wild world of Madagascar to a totally original, totally hilarious and totally insane television series in which the king takes on the craziest adventures the jungle has to offer. A new cast of fantastic, colorful characters joins King Julien himself, along with his second-in-command, Maurice, and his longtime devotee, Mort. It's a riot of color - not to mention a laugh riot - when viewers ALL HAIL KING JULIEN! A prequel cartoon series to the Madagascar animated films, see how King Julien XIII got his start as the King of the Lemurs! Featuring Maurice, Mort, the Fossa, as well as some new characters exclusive to this series, such as Julien's ultra-protective bodyguard named Clover; see how King Julien helps his Kingdom shake their booties, party, and learn to enjoy life a little more! 
All Hail King Julien: Exiled|2017|King Julien has been kicked out of his kingdom by Koto (who is now king) and is now lost at sea with Maurice, Ted, and Pancho. While Clover and Sage are looking for the ultimate weapon to help defeat Koto. Everyone is doing everything in their power to take back their kingdom. 
All In|2003|As a kid, all Kim In Ha ever did was follow his uncle around and help him cheat in gambling. As a high school student, he hung out with his friends at the basement of a theater. As Kim In Ha gets to know Choi Jeong Won, a model student and also the son of a very rich family, In Ha tries to tempt him into doing mischievous deeds. 
All Inclusive|2013|All inclusive is an entirely new and different prime time TV entertainment of two hours devoted to the whole family - laughing, singing, dancing, variety and circus all in one. The show's participants are artists, dancers and magicians. Adding to the fun are some of Bulgaria's best comedians: Zueka and Rachkov, Maria Sapundjieva and Maria Ignatova, Albena Mihova, Gerasim Georgiev - Gero, Rumen Ugrinski, Stefan Ryadkov and AlexKozhuharov. All inclusive is hosted by the actor Kalin Sarmenov. 
All Is Forgiven|1986|Paula Russell accomplishes two feats in one day. First she marries Matt Russell, a donut executive, who has a teenage daughter, Sonia. She also starts a new job as a producer of a TV soap opera. The other characters on the show are all associated with the TV soap opera. 
All My Children|1970|At the hospital, in Puerto Rico (Pine Key) Aidan tried to tell Greenlee about his role in Emma's kidnapping. He lost consciousness before he could do so and Jake rushed him into surgery. Annie, Jesse and Ryan worked to save Emma after Ryan dragged her out of the burning church. After Emma started breathing, Jesse took Ryan aside to discuss Annie's obvious role in the kidnapping but Ryan demanded that the chat wait until Emma was safe and sound. They got to the hospital, where Greenlee was relieved to see Emma. Chief Of Police Lopez and his men started to arrest Annie but Ryan attacked them.... Ryan and Greenlee put their heads together and wondered if Aidan had been trying to tell Greenlee that he'd known all along that Annie had staged the kidnapping. Jake came out of the OR and told them that it didn't look good. He recommended that Aidan be transported immediately back to Pine Valley. Annie came out of Emma's room and pointedly reminded Greenlee that the bullet Aidan took had been intended for her. Jesse had a conversation with Police Chief Lopez and got him to release Annie and Ryan into his custody. Ryan promised Greenlee that Annie wouldn't get away with what she had done. Ryan had a happy reunion with Emma. 
All New 3's a Crowd|1999|Tawdry remake of the 1979 Chuck Barris cult classic game show, "Three's a Crowd." Three sets of three contestants competed, each having a central contestant and two companions (e.g., a current boy/girlfriend and an ex-boy/girlfriend). With the companions off-stage, host Thicke posed a (usually embarrassing) question to the central contestant. Points were scored depending on whether one or both of the contestant's companions matched answers. After a series of questions came the end game, where Thicke posed multiple-choice personality trait-type questions to one team at a time; separately, each companion selected one of three possible answers. A match earned points. The leading companion at the end of the round won a $1,000 bonus (and usually eternal embarrassment). 
All New New Year|2012|Cheerleading coach Alisha Dunlap expects perfection from the kids in her gym. This pressure is just fine for the competitive moms who admit that they're living through their children. But when two moms feud, one of their little girls pushed to the brink. 
All Night with Joey Reynolds|2011|The new late night talk show on WNBC's Nonstop channels. Airing weeknights from midnight to 2am, Joey Reynolds (former WOR radio personality) hosts a talk/variety show from the heart of Times Square at the Nasdaq Market site. Celebrities, comedians and musical guests fill each night's lineup. 
All Our Relations|2013|Adam Beach - Hollywood heartthrob, Adam Beach reveals a deep and passionate connection with his Saulteaux roots. Rather than rubbing shoulders with cinema's elite, the accomplished actor dedicates much of his spare time talking to and mentoring youth in various Reserves. 
All Our Yesterdays: Past Is Prologue|2013|PAST IS PROLOGUE is the prequel web series to Cristin Terrill's YA time travel novel ALL OUR YESTERDAYS, coming from Disney-Hyperion on 9/03/13. Meet Em and Finn, two imprisoned teens who are keeping a secret from the man they call only "the doctor" in this story that takes place in the days leading up to the beginning of the novel. 
All Over the Place|2011|The team go sheep racing in Abbotsham, discover an amazing maze at Leeds Castle, climb up a 45 metre crane in Glasgow, sing about Shakespeare in Stratford-on-Avon. Also, Ed and Barney go head-to-head or flipper-to-flipper in the Dungannon Bog Snorkelling Championships, fasten your seatbelts you're in for an exciting ride. 
All Over the Place: Asia|2017|Ed Petrie and his CBBC mates go on an adventure to find the most unusual and amazing places in Asia. They discover a car museum in the middle of the desert in the United Arab Emirates, take a tour of a Samurai house in Japan, get plenty of exercise at a stepwell in India, head for China to taste a hot pot that includes cooked brains and race down a river in traditional wooden washtubs in Japan. Ed is joined on this bonkers road trip by Hacker and Dodge, Victoria Cook, Iain Stirling, Johny Pitts, Chris Johnson and Naomi Wilkinson - there's stuff to do in Asia that is totally ace and it turns up All Over the Place. 
All Over the Place: Australia|2014|Fancy watching 70,000 little penguins waddle up a beach on Phillip Island? How about visiting Coober Pedy to play desert golf with no greens, or waltzing with Matilda around a billabong in Winton? Well, there's all this plus a monster collection of trucks in Alice Springs and Ed and Johny go head-to-head in a race to pull a giant metal mammal up a hill at Eden Whale Festival! 
All Over the Place: Europe Part 2|2016|Ed Petrie and his CBBC mates go on an adventure to find the most unusual and amazing places in Europe. They visit Arnold Schwarzenegger's old house in Austria, discover why vegetarian monks ate beavers in Germany, make a lasting impression as painters Vincent van Gogh and Paul Gauguin in France, bake gooey custard tarts in Portugal, and take part in the world wife-carrying competition in Finland. Ed is joined on this bonkers road trip by Sam and Mark, Michelle Ackerley, Victoria Cook, Hacker and Dodge, Lauren Layfield, Ben Shires and Naomi Wilkinson - there's stuff to do in Europe that is totally ace and it turns up all over the place! 
All Over the Place: Europe|2015|Ed Petrie and his CBBC mates go on an adventure to find the most unusual and amazing places in Europe. They discover an indoor tropical island in Germany, learn how to make Venetian masks in Italy, investigate a Sherlock Holmes museum in Switzerland, encounter a pedal-powered vending machine in Spain and compete in Belgium's annual Bathtub Regatta. Ed is joined on this bonkers road trip by Michelle Ackerley, Victoria Cook, Chris Johnson, Johny Pitts, Iain Stirling and Naomi Wilkinson - there's stuff to do in Europe that is totally ace and it turns up All Over the Place! 
All Over the Place: USA|2013|Featuring fancy swimming, talking and painting with dolphins in Florida, being caught in a cowboy shoot out in Tombstone, and a cool Million Dollars in Chicago. Also, there's drawing with fire at the freaky House of Balls, a visit to the awesome Hoover Dam, and Ed and Richard go head-to-head in Nebraska to find out who's the biggest, baddest chicken in America. 
All Passion Spent|1986|After a lifetime in the spotlight.Lady Slane, the 85 year old wife of a recently deceased politician is allowed to shed her public persona and retreat to a cottage in the Hampstead countryside. Rediscovering her identity is no easy task with family members constantly meddling in her affairs. Brilliantly adapted from Vita Sackville-West's classic novel, this masterpiece was nominated for four BAFTA. 
All Quiet on the Preston Front|1994|The comic every day lives and mis-adventures of a group of friends most of whom belong to their local unit of the Territorial Army in the North of England. 
All Request Hour|2002|The VH1 Classic show that lets viewers email music video requests from the 60's, 70's and 80's to the channel's programmers, with 12-15 selected for each "All Request Hour" show. Currently airs three times a day (1 p.m., 9 p.m and 5 a.m. EST), with playlists often posted by viewers on the VH1 Classic message board and the ezboard group VH1 Classic Music Video Discussion. 
All Rise for Julian Clary|1996|British show set up as a 'mock court' in which "Judge" Clary reviews petty complaints people bring to him (such as a woman upset that her partner keeps snails as pets), and which he literally and sometimes mercilessly mocks. 
All Saints|1998|This is an Australian medical drama set in the fantasy All Saints Western General Hospital. It focuses on what happens in ward 17 (affectionately known as the garbage ward) and the lives of the nurses on the ward and two doctors that spend a lot of time there. In also has the paramedic team of Bron and Ben. All Saints is an exciting drama series centred around a busy hospital, with an unusual spin on the highly successful genre of hospital drama. Because All Saints focuses on the lives of the people who carry most of the responsibility, the nurses manly, not the doctors, this show delivers stories from the frontline. The nursing staff in All Saints are closer to their patients than anyone else night and day. They are often forced to make crucial decisions, but don't have the power or authority of the doctors. From their point of view, we get to know the patients stories as well as those of the main characters, through the close relationships and bonds that develop when lives are on the line. The men and women on the nursing staff not only work hard, they play hard too. They're not always saints some days they are cranky, disillusioned, angry or frustrated. The strength and appeal of the series lies in its focus on a group of diverse characters who are instantly easy to relate to: we share their friendships and their relationships. Humour is crucial in such an intense environment, and the overall atmosphere of the series is warm and upbeat, with a strong feel-good factor. Interwoven with the frenetic pace and high-octane drama of life on a hospital ward are the more personal stories of a hugely compelling cast of characters who will be instantly engaging to viewers all over the world. This Australian medical drama focuses on the working lives and personal lives of the doctors and nurses of Ward 17 at All Saints hospital. Head nurse Terri Sullivan is an ex-nun who oversees life in Ward 17, while trying to work professionally with ex-lover Dr. Mitch Stephens. Surgeon Dr. Luke Forlano has to contend with balancing work and his romance with the publicity-hungry hospital director, and will Nurse Bron, and paramedic Ben ever realize they're in love? 
All Shades of Suzana|2017|Live talk show with host Suzana Trifkovic, which covers topics start with music, photography, film announcements, culture, spirituality, art in general, to health living, all packed with humor and occasional guests, exceptional people from the world of art and sport. 
All Star Blitz|1985|"All-Star Blitz" was the last in a long-line of multi-celebrity games associated with game show producer Merrill Heatter, all which had in some way to do with his by far most successful effort, "The Hollywood Squares." In "All-Star Blitz" (incidentally hosted by "The Hollywood Squares" host Peter Marshall) two contestants, including a returning champion, competed with the help of four celebrities. Behind the celebrities' podiums was a wall of six electronic screens, which contained the words to a familiar phrase. The basic rules were similar to "The Hollywood Squares" (e.g., choose a celebrity, agree or disagree), but with the following changes: 1. When the contestant chose a celebrity, he/she also picked a star in in his/her column to light (i.e., "so-and-so at the bottom"); 2. The celebrity is asked a multiple-choice answer, and generally did not bluff; and 3. If the contestant was correct, he/she continued control of the board, but if not, control passed to the opponent. Whenever four stars around a screen were lit, that screen exposes part of the phrase. At any time, the contestant in control of the board may guess the phrase, always at the risk of losing control if incorrect. The first contestant to solve two puzzles won a prize package worth approximately $4,000 and advanced to the Blitz Bonanza Board. In The Blitz Bonanza, the object was for the contestant to solve one more word puzzle; by spinning a wheel, the contestant could highlight and reveal portions of the puzzle. Up to four spins were allowed, though spins could prove to be unhelpful if they designated an already-highlighted screen. If fewer than four screens were lit, the contestant could either solve the puzzle or trade the prize package already won in the front game (all previous winnings were considered safe) for one more spin. Following the fifth spin, the contestant has 10 seconds to review the puzzle; at the same time, the celebrities write down their guesses as to the correct phrase. At any time during the Blitz Bonanza, a correct guess was worth $10,000 (plus an additional $5,000 for each day not won, up to a maximum $25,000); an incorrect guess at any time stopped the Blitz Bonanza, though he/she could collect $250 per celebrity who guessed the puzzle correctly. Contestants competed until defeated or winning five games, at which point they also won a new car. 
All Summer Long|2014|All Summer Long follows 6 college age men and women who are selected to be "The Underclassmen" through a rigorous application process designed to test their spiritual, emotional, and comedic mettle. After a two-week boot camp during which they develop together as missionaries and performers, "The Underclassmen" embark on the ultimate road trip, spending each week at a different camp, performing, counseling, and serving. 
All That Glitters|1977|The world was exactly like ours EXCEPT that women were the dominate gender. Women were the captains of industry and men were household workers, secretaries and waiters trying to attract attention with their sexuality. To add some additional twists to that twist there were characters into dominance/submission, a woman who had been a man (played by Linda Gray) and, of course, women CEOs having affairs with their secretaries. 
All That|1994|A combination sketch comedy/musical performance show in the tradition of "Saturday Night Live," this program starred a teenage cast and was targeted at younger viewers. The show featured a number of repeating characters, including Baggin' Saggin' Barry, Super Dude, and the misfit fast food employees of Good Burger, which spawned a movie of the same name. 
All Together Now|1991|One-time Rock'n'Roll star Bobby Rivers discovers he has 15-year-old twins when his former lover dies in a plane crash. They and Tracy, the woman who looked after them when their mother was traveling the world, move in with him, but have problems with his way of life; it's the 70s against the 90s! 
All Worked Up|2009|Ronnie Lang (security) has to deal with drunk patrons (a mother and three daughters) harassing 2 female Lucha Libre wrestlers, much to the hostility and disdain of angry audience members.. All hell breaks lose when the drunk patrons get into the ring with the wrestlers. 
All You Can Eat|2013|Beef--it's what's for dinner, and has been for hundreds of years. From the first roast beef sandwich, to the most expensive steak in New York, we answer all your burning questions about America's most popular protein. Like, what is mincemeat, anyway? 
All You Can Meat|2012|Chuey Martinez is on a quest to find America's tastiest pulled pork. His journey takes him to North Carolina for whole hog, to Louisiana for oven-roasted pork, to Kansas and Texas for pulled pork and slaw sandwiches, then finally to Colorado for the best carnitas Chuey has ever tasted! 
All You Need Is Love: Bulgaria|2002|All you need is Love is a talk-show, launched in 2002 and since then enjoys large audience interest. The primary goal of this one-hour show is to provide people with the opportunity to express their feelings, to forgive other's mistakes or to ask for forgiveness in front of a wide audience. The license - owner is Endemol International B.V. 
All Your Living Needs|2014|Do you live and breathe soccer? Are you eagerly anticipating the next game? Is soccer your life - or at least a big part of it? If your answer is Yes. Then the YouTube Channel All Your Living Needs is for you. As the host of the channel, Johno makes predictions each week on how teams will do in the English Premier League and Major League Soccer. 
All at Number 20|1986|Sheila Haddon's husband died eighteen months ago, sans life insurance, leaving her with nothing but cherished memories and a hefty mortgage on 'No. 20. Now Sheila and daughter Monica are faced with the awful prospect of having to sell their beloved family home. The soft - hearted but independent Sheila doesn't relish the thought of calling on the help of old family friend Richard Beaming - perhaps lodgers will prove the solution to her predicament? 
All at Sea|2013|It's Christmas in Scarborough and Charlie is desperate to avoid an austerity Christmas. So he goes into business as a Mall Santa. But can he avoid the wrath of local parents and disappointed children? Meanwhile Hannah is dating a new boy for the expensive Christmas presents and Louis thinks Santa is a dangerous criminal! 
All for Love|1982|Masterpiece Episode: "All for Love: Mona" Season 14, Episode 23 Episode Synopsis: "All for Love: Mona" concerns a teenager (Deborah Stokes) who takes care of a former soldier (Frank Finlay) suffering from the effects of being gassed in World War I. Adapted from a short story by Francis King. Mrs. Sweet-Hannaby: Fanny Rowe. 
All for One|2013|Caught between wanting to field a winning preseason lineup and preserving their health for regular season, Toronto FC struggles to get the starting eleven extended minutes together at the Disney Pro Soccer Classic. Bright Dike sustains a significant injury and must return to Toronto while Ashtone Morgan and Nick Hagglund say goodbye to friends lost in roster moves. 
All in 700|2016|A group of elderly citizens has been nearly forgotten by the bustling modern Taiwanese society. But the baby boomer residents at the Yinhwa senior community know all about living through tough times to help usher in the Taiwanese economic boom. 
All in One|1952|A unique comedy that unfortunately only lasted for five broadcasts. Comedian and host George de Witt, along with a different guest comedian each week, would perform a series of comic sketches together. Making this show stand out from the rest was that all the performances were in a form of mime: the characters still spoke to one another, but the props and settings were entirely imaginary. 
All in a Days Work|????|A day in the life of Mob Underboss Frank Padalino. Not your typical mobster, Frank is a charmer who likes to laugh. The pilot concerns an old friend who has been sentenced to death by the mob. 
All in the Family|1971|Archie Bunker, was a bigoted working-class family man who held his views of the world. His viewpoints clash with nearly everyone he comes into contact with especially his son-in-law Mike Stivic (or, as Archie delights in calling him, "Meathead"). 
All in with Laila Ali|2013|Laila Ali scours the globe to track down the world's most compelling stories, profiling inspirational people, showcasing groundbreaking achievements and extraordinary stories. Exploring the world of sports, culture, travel and adventure, All In with Laila Ali steps off the beaten track into uncharted territory inspiring audiences to go all in on their dreams. 
All of Me|2017|All Of Me is a Web/T.V series exposing our 'Inner voices' through characters such as "The Critic", "The Motivator", "The Child" & "The Procrastinator" - All characters are only seen by the protagonist, they are her inner voices. 'The Critic' comes into each episode to criticize and judge her. Making her feel 'not good enough'... 'The Motivator' is our inner voice of motivation, our true self when we are peaceful and positive, this character is sporty and outgoing! 'The Child' is fun, immature, kind, playful, vulnerable & loving. 'The Procrastinator' is the inner voice of 'self doubt', comparison, the voice of "give up, its too hard"... Through a series of relatable situations we see the protagonist go through many ups and downs due to listening to her 4 very strong and influential voices in her mind! 
All of Us|2003|All of Us is inspired by the domestic adventures of entertainment superstars Will Smith and Jada Pinkett-Smith and reflects a new generation's enlightened attitude toward the extended family dynamic with humor, sensitivity and heart. Robert James, an entertainment reporter for a local Los Angeles television station whose best friend is also his publicist, the three-time divorced Dirk. Robert is handsome, smart and a thoroughly modern man in his thinking, as he should be, considering his romantic and parental entanglements. On the verge of finalizing his divorce from the somewhat self-absorbed Neesee, the mother of their endearing five-year-old son, Bobby, Jr., he is madly in love with Tia, a funny, clever kindergarten teacher. This humorous and heartwarming comedy is a fresh, timely look at many young parents' new, compassionate attitude toward how divorced parents raise their children together. 
All on the Line|2011|Joe Zee - Creative Director for Elle - is always one step ahead of the trends. Now, Joe is using his style smarts and eye for detail to guide struggling fashion designers back on the road to success. With insider savvy, a positive spirit, and a double dose of tough love, Joe inspires these listless labels to rekindle their creative fire and stay true to who they are. This just may be their last chance to transform cutting room concepts into rack ready fashions. 
All or Nothing at All|1993|In this compelling story of a daring conman, Leo Hopkins (Hugh Laurie) prospers from the greed of others - but his undeniable charm and willingness to take risks plunge him into a mess of troubles and worry. Addicted to gambling, seduced by his secretary and threatened by his corrupt boss, his life spirals downward and Leo must find a way to straighten himself out before he loses everything. 
All or Nothing: A Season with the Arizona Cardinals|2016|For the first time in history, Amazon and NFL Films present an unprecedented inside look at the lives of players, coaches and owners of a franchise over the course of an entire NFL season. Witness the real life, behind the scenes journey on the field, off the field, and everything in between. 
All or Nothing: A Season with the Los Angeles Rams|2017|Jeff Fisher and the Rams make the big move from St. Louis to Los Angeles, and the big move up in the Draft to select quarterback Jared Goff, who joins stars Todd Gurley and Aaron Donald as the Rams begin their 2016 season trying to win over a city and a fan base. 
All stars: De serie|1999|The Swiftboys may be called All Stars in the title, this nowhere, North Holland amateur soccer team consists of boys who since childhood enjoy the game itself -only gay captain Bram, a lawyer, takes the trouble to spend time on official club business- less then the camaraderie as none has the making of anything resembling a star player, to put it kindly, so they usually end their season by demotion. The point is having fun on the field, in the locker-room, in the canteen, and whenever something happens in one's life one or more of the others are likely to get involved, which also goes for some players' female partners, while male bonding seems only to stimulate their flirtatious lust. The chairman is a cigar-smoking fat rat, who intends to exploit the various teams using his infrastructure, and comes to employ as barmaid ex-con Nadja, a red-hair harpy nevertheless considered sexy by most straight boys. 
All the Pretty Fishes|2011|Leo and Kevin are at the coffee shop when Kevin tells Leo about his new girl Kendra. When Kendra arrives, Leo recognizes her as the girl he slept with a week ago. Just as things start to get awkward with Kendra, Molly & Matthew arrive. Molly immediately goes and sits at Leo's table and starts talking as if they are together. Leo decides to leave the table and get some coffee, when Charlie arrives. Leo says he was "just here with some friends" and Charlie asks if she can meet them. Just as they walk over to the table, Molly gets done telling the group she and Leo are dating. Charlie & Kendra ask Leo if Molly is his girlfriend, and Leo denies it. All three girls unload their anger on Leo. 
All the Right Moves|2012|They're America's top dancers. But can these four best friends succeed as business partners? Emotions run high as Travis Wall, (Emmy-nominated choreographer, So You Think You Can Dance), Teddy Forance (recently featured on and choreographed for Dancing with the Stars), Nick Lazzarini (So You Think You Can Dance) and Kyle Robinson (Dancing with the Stars) join forces to start their own dance company. 
All the Rivers Run|1983|Orphaned after a shipwreck off the Victorian coast of Australia, the beautiful and spirited Philadelphia Gordon finds both love and adventure aboard a paddle-steamer on the Murray River. 
All the Russias|2002|Beautifully crafted, informative documentary series, exploring the musical history of Russia in a five-part series. Beginning with its origins in ancient chants and folk music, stretching through to radical contemporary composers like Schnittke and Gubaidulina. Maestro Valery Gergiev, the reknown Conductor and Artistic Director of the Kirov Mariinski, presents excerpts from the orchestral and vocal legacy of composers such as Mussorgsky, Borodin, Rimsky-Korsakov, Tchaikovsky, Stravinsky, Prokofiev and Shostakovich with the Stars, Chorus and Orchestra of The Kirov Marriinski Theatre Ballet and Opera Companies. Part 1: Folk Singer"THE LITTLE BIRCH TREE" is filmed largely in the remote countryside this is an evocation of Russia's rural heart. Part 2: Russian Priest "HOLY MOTHER RUSSIA", how has faith and religion influenced music in this pagan and Christian country? Part 3: "DEVILS", What has been the effect of Russia's cycles of tyranny and violence on its musical heritage? Part 4: Dancer "ONCE UPON A TIME", a look at an archetypal form of Russian culture, the fairy-tale. Part 5: Camel and Rider "LOOKING EAST, LOOKING WEST", the cultural and musical impact of Russia's relationship with her neighbours. 
All the Small Things|2009|In an English town, the choir master's personal musical ambition and crush for the new soprano drive him to blow up his marriage (with children) for her. Mother and son Kyle suddenly find themselves abandoned and almost accidentally start an rival choir. The community is soon divided, including the sentiments of the old reverend and his sassy young parish assistant, whose past is one of several further complications. A musical drama set in a small English town in the North of England that follows the lives of a small church choir. The Choir Master Michael's crush on the choirs new soprano Layla, and his own musical ambition, drive him to blow up his marriage with Esther and consequently divides the choir in half. While Michael continues to master the original choir singing more traditional songs, Esther and her two sons set up a new choir called 'All the Small Things' with the help of the churches new curate Jake. Jake seems to take a strong liking to Esther and as the series continues we see this attraction blossom. The new choir, 'All the Small Things' take on a much more modern approach to music and sing songs by famous band Blink182, such as 'What's my age again?'. This is much to the horror of the original choir who sing more conventional songs. The series follows the lives of the people in both these choirs, as they compete with each other in professional competitions and as new relationships are formed between characters. 
All the Way|1988|All The Way is a drama series that turns the clock back to 1963 and the swinging sixties. Growing up in the sixties was like waking every day to find the world had changed. Music, fashion, politics and social and moral issues were all in a state of flux. For teenagers, it was a time of new freedom, new ideas and exciting new possibilities. For their parents, society's changing attitudes were confronting, painful and, at times, downright impossible. Introduction of the contraceptive pill,conscription, the Beatles and Bob Dylan, the Menzies era, the Cuban Missile Crisis,assassination of US President John Fitzgerald Kennedy,and his brother Robert, anti-hanging protests, the Profumo affair, the assassination of civil rights champion Martin Luther-King, the Vietnam War. All The Way is set against the background of these events, with the ingenious use of archival footage to weave together the intrigue of a political thriller with the lives of three Australian families, who, although from different social backgrounds, find they all must face the challenges of a rapidly changing world. The story begins on November 22, 1963 - the day an assassin's bullet cut down US President John F Kennedy in the streets of Dallas, Texas. It was a gunshot that echoed around the world 
All's Fair|1976|This sitcom set in Washington, D.C. detailed the relationship between 49-year-old conservative political writer Richard Barrington and his liberal photographer girlfriend Charley. Despite frequent arguments concerning current events, topical concerns and the generation gap, Richard and Charley stayed together, much to the amusement of their friends and co-workers. 
All's Faire|2008|From the creative team behind "The Burg" and "The All-For-Nots" comes "All's Faire" - the original Renaissance Faire comedy. "If the real world be too much for you to bear... then come on down to the twentieth annual Southeastern Delaware Renaissance Faire!" So goes the commercial. But for the lords, ladies, wenches and minstrels who call the shire home, nothing could be more important than their private realm of fantasy. So when an outside interest threatens to shut the faire down, they will defend it to the death. 
All-American Girl|1994|Based around the stand-up routines of comedian Margaret Cho, this series looked at the culture clashes that occured between a traditional Korean mother and her fully Americanized daughter. Mom just wants Margaret to marry 'respectable' men: doctors, lawyers, scientists (always Korean), while her daughter is more interested in white bikers, musicians, and any other type that her mother is bound to hate. Through all of this, Dad knows better than to interfere, and just keeps out of the fray. 
All-American Makers|2015|Brook and Brian help Marc vet the claims of four new products: a shirt that claims to change colors as muscles heat up; a non-glue that dries at your command; a robot that clears disaster areas; and a product that hopes to revolutionize prosthetics. 
All-New Dennis the Menace|1993|The classic comic strip, "Dennis the Menace," was created by Hank Ketcham. The strip's central character was Dennis Mitchell, a young elementary school-aged lad who always seemed to get into trouble. Dennis' escapades caused no end of grief for his ever-suffering neighbor, George Wilson, who was constantly frustrated by his blonde-haired neighbor's well-meaning ways and frequent visits enjoy peace and quiet. Mr. Wilson's wife, Martha, adored Dennis. However, Mr. Wilson's wife, Martha, adored Dennis. Stories centered on Dennis' adventures with his friends, among which included Joey and Margaret; his faithful canine companion, Ruff; and the oftentimes less-than-willing Mr. Wilson. Several adventures also involved criminals, who were often begging to be arrested once Dennis got through with them. 
All-Star Academy|2015|Together, 'Alex Guarnaschelli' (qv), 'Bobby Flay' (qv), 'Michael Symon (I)' (qv) and 'Curtis Stone (III)' (qv) make up one of the fiercest foursomes in culinary competitions. In this series, they will battle it out in the kitchen, as mentor versus mentor with teams of shining home cooks. 
All-Star Dealers|2012|Has Richie Russek got a deal for you! From rare game-worn jerseys to vintage bats that helped shape the game of baseball, the vaunted history of sports holds untold treasures and Richie, with sons Michael and Darren, and their company Grey Flannel Auctions, is on the hunt to find 'em all in the brand new series ALL STAR DEALERS Every day, Grey Flannel receives hundreds of items. Some are all-stars, poised to reap thousands for the consigner and Richie; while others get benched, falling victim to cheap knock-off material or forged signatures. How to separate the MVPs from the DOAs? That's up to Richie's army of expert authenticators. SportsCenter meets CSI as the Grey Flannel team uses detailed investigation methods and state-of-the-art tools to determine what items are the real deal. "Sports is more than just what happens on the field, it is rich with emotion and history. ALL STAR DEALERS opens the door into the world of incredible sports memorabilia where every stitch and smudge tells a story, raising the stakes for buyer and seller alike," said Nancy Daniels, Executive Vice President of Production and Development for Discovery Channel. From the extraordinary - a long-forgotten Mickey Mantle autographed baseball, to the extra-ordinary - Mike Tyson's cup, get ready to play in the big leagues with these ALL STAR DEALERS. 
All-Star Family Feud Special|1978|A series of primetime specials that began airing May 8th, 1979 on ABC. Each one hour show featured five members of a cast of a television series competing in a celebrity-team tournament for charity, answering questions to match popular survey responses. 
All-Star Orchestra|2013|Mahler's turbulent loves are expressed through his music. His settings of poems by Friedrich R¸ckert explore themes of love, nature, and otherworldliness. Mahler was haunted throughout his life by the premonition of his own death. The first movement of his 2nd Symphony draws stark contrasts between the composer's premonition of doom and his vision of life. Modern parallels can be found in "Adieu" by Bernard Rands and "Of Paradise and Light" by his wife, composer Augusta Read Thomas 
Alle mod 1|2016|Alle mod 1 is a danish game show which grounds its game structure in the 'Wisdom of the crowds' theory. A competition between a single contestant against the viewers at home giving their estimates on odd questions about orchestrated events for cash prizes. 
Alleen op de wereld|2016|REMI, NOBODY'S BOY tells the story of the orphan Remi (13) and his incredible journey to find his family. Remi is a foundling, his mother Betty found him left behind in a supermarket when he was just a baby.When Betty's husband returns from work overseas, he is not happy to find Remi. He decides there is no space for two men in the house and drops the boy at a gas station. Remi is found for the second time in his life - by Vitalis and his pack of traveling circus animals. Little does he know that this is just the start of a great adventure... 
Alleeways|2018|Allee-Sutton Hethcoat embarks on life coming off her title win as Miss Tennessee 2017 and making the top 10 at the Miss USA pageant. Returning back to her love of acting and hosting, Allee-Sutton shares tips, information and inspiration in this Lifestyle Reality-show format program. 
Allegiance|2015|Alex has been set up as prime suspect for his FBI lover's murder, false evidence planted in his computer convinces Sam. FBI counterespionage champion Jason Faber is brought in, who helps Alex escape arrest, only to realize he has been caught instead by the Russian mole, who brings in torture expert Timur for electric shocks and injections. While Viktor can't even try like Natalie to enjoy their secluded wood cabin time alone, Mark stops Katya from blindly attacking Sam's party who call on them on the search for Alex and manages to bug Faber. Even under truth serum, Alex is brilliant enough to think up a desperate way out and betray only Viktor, whom the Russians are already chasing anyway, until the parental cavalry shoots its way in. 
Allegra's Window|1994|The children series follow the life of a young precocious, imaginative, preschooler who, along with her friend, Lindi, a yellow dog, her big brother, Rondo, and Rondo's best friend, Riff, a pesky blue cat, spend each day if their daily lives as a lesson with her family, friends and neighbors, throughout the view of Allegra's window. 
Allein gegen die Zeit|2010|Two seasons, two story arcs. Season one, a bunch of terrorists take over a school to get to an instructor who has access to an advanced scientific device. A core group of youngsters fight back to try and stop the bad guys. Season two, biological weapon is being produced by some terrorists. A group of youngsters, the ones from season one, fight to stop the bio-weapons from being used. 
Allen Gregory|2011|After discovering that his rival classmate Joel Zadak has a girlfriend, Allen Gregory sparks a sex tape scandal with Principal Gottlieb. To help Allen's adopted sister Julie appear "normal," Richard and Jeremy hire cool-looking kids to hang out with her. 
Allen's Soothers Boombastic|2000|Allen's Soothers Boombastic is a music show designed to provide pure entertainment, music and fun. A top ten music chart combined with the interviews and interesting activities of celebrities. The celebrities are taken to interesting places and given hilarious situations like host being underworld Don visited a garment store with his celebrity of the week as his staff, being a milkman in a cow shed, a prisoner in jail, a bodyguard of a famous celebrity, hunting treasure in a open air Laundromat, and covered different events and locations like Film sets, Showbiz team in Cricket Stadium, celebrity's wedding ceremony, Valentine's day special and Kite (Basant) Festival etc. Host visits different events and chats with people trying to convince them that the wedding event they are attending is a birthday ceremony actually, just to create an entertainment for viewers. Host also visits Hollywood, chitchats with people around, along with his celebrity guest of the episode. It has different segments like viewers choice and Allen's Soothers Gala of the week and winner gets gift hampers from Allen's Soothers. 
Allenby St.|2012|The plot centers around nightlife, a workplace, and a love affair. It is a drama and foreign TV show. In approach, Allenby is serious and realistic. It takes place, at least partly, at a nightclub and in an urban environment. The setting is Israel. Allenby happens in contemporary times. It is based on a book. 
Alles Klara|2012|After losing her job at a cuckoo clock factory Klara Degen starts working as a maternity leave fill-in secretary at the local criminal investigation department. She soon oversteps boundaries of her area of competence and interferes in investigations. 
Alles kan beter|1998|In this hard to imitate format, former sports reporter Mark Uytterhoeven, arguably Flanders' greatest comical TV talent, and a varying panel of celebrities make fun, in many different ways, by comments, parodies, doctored texts and images etc., of recent programs on Flemish national TV (both VRTs own and its commercial rivals), hence the title meaning "All can (be done) better". Nobody is spared: actors, presenters, reporters, politicians, script, camera-work, editing, even publicity; besides actual faults, they can be made the butt of a joke that sprouts from the panel's vicious imagination, e.g. quoting out of context or re-editing. 
Alles was z‰hlt|2006|Again Ben catches Iva and Pia in bed together. Flo hears Kevin is starting a new relation and she wants to do the same. Sonja worries about her. Richard is mad when he discovers the hidden camera and hears Simone has Veit's medical records. 
Alletiders julemand|1997|"A finger": it knocks on the door of the National Archive - a living skeleton is standing outside. At least this is what Mr. Bertramsen believes. He eventually discovers that the skeleton- who is named - Nikolaj, was delivered to the Archive. In the meantime, Gyldengr¯d has produced a duke by magic. In the meantime, Bertramsen has read a book about a duke who went on a pilgrimage. 
Alleyn Mysteries|1990|While looking into the theft of several precious artifacts, Alleyn is called to investigate a murder of Charles Rankin at a gathering that includes Agatha Troy, his girlfriend. Rankin had brought a precious dagger to the event. Complicating things further is that Troy is close to these people and resents some of Alleyn's questioning. A parallel and inter-related crime for Alleyn is to identify the art thieves. 
Alliance|2016|This Web series revolves around Detective Frank Risi...who is chasing a serial killer...Risi is deeply entrenched with Agent Tony Kross...who is on the payroll of Mob boss Tommy DePriati...who happens to be Risi's cousin ...follow this highly entertaining and realistic series as Risi tries to catch a killer...while trying to deal with his "Alliance" 
Allie and Manimus|2017|A new girl in town gets a job at a Los Angeles Debt Collection company on the verge of closure. In order to save her job, she calls her plays-by-no-rules imaginary friend, MANIMUS! Together they throw a party so their worst customers can fundraise enough money to save themselves. **But once she let's Manimus out of the box, it's hard to put him back in.** 
Alliert og alene|2015|Two weeks after Norway was attacked in April 1940, the Norwegians fought a desperate battle against the world's largest military force in anticipation of the Allied aid. When it finally arrived, it was anything but expected. This is the story of when the whole country was in war, told by those who were actually present. British, French, Polish and Norwegian war veterans who participated in the campaign in Norway are interviewed about their experiences. 
Allis med is|1993|Allis and Ann are best friends. But one day, when the girls are about twelve years old, Ann is killed in a road accident, and Allis becomes very cold inside and doesn't want any new friends. Her parents start working abroad and therefore, she has to live with her grandparents (who are the landlord and landlady of a big house) and begin going to a new school, where everybody teases her, because she is so odd and doesn't want to make friends with anyone. There is also another odd person who is teased in the class, Sigge, who is a Polish immigrant. When a bird gets hurt and Sigge takes care of it, Allis wants to help him somewhat. And after she let Sigge into the big house where she lives, nothing becomes the same and things start to happen, both in the house and in Allis's heart. 
Allo la Terre, ici les Martin|2002|Chosen by Krach Industries as director of their new sub-development, George Martin is in seventh heaven. A new town-house, state of the art technology and a salary to boot! But Krach Industries has taken him for a cosmic ride! The truth is that the Martins are really just guinea pigs, sent off to live on a secret orbital station (S.O.S.!). Yet the Martins are neither rocket scientists nor kamikazes. George is a die-hard optimist and takes his responsibility as leader of the station pretty seriously. But leader of his own pack? His family is quite another story! His wife Monica is looking for an encounter of the third kind... her kind! His son Benjamin is a cosmic super-hero fanatic and his daughter Betty, a manic depressive. Great topics for cocktail chat between Fax and Goodgrief, their cat and dog philosophers! 
AllsÂng pÂ Skansen|1979|"Sing-a-long at Skansen" (Stockholms Outdoor museum) Sweden's longest running seasonal radio & TV-show. It's been aired summer-Saturdays for more than 70 years (with a couple of breaks, 1952 - 1955 & 1967 - 1973). Starting on the radio in may 1935 with the singing teacher Sven Lilja (host: 1935 - 1951) at the microphone in front of a live audience. The songs were handed out at the entrance. At this time people sung folksongs, ballads and songs with patriotic spirit. He was followed by Egon Kjerrman (host: 1956 - 1966) who changed the repertoire towards temporary evergreens. After 10 years he left without a successor. His motto was: -'I sing rather than good' But in 1974, it was time again. This time with Bosse Larsson (host: 1974 - 1993) and still on the radio. TV aired the first TV-show in 1979 and since 1987 it's been aired live every Saturday. Bosse Larsson still comes on the show from time to time as a guest artist. The most popular host has to be Lasse Berghagen (host: 1994 - 2003) if you judge by size of audience. The record was set July, 8 2003 when he 'retired'. 36.256 persons showed up in front of the small stage at Skansen. He's a very popular singer/composer in Sweden and was the first 'real' artist to take up the microphone on Skansens stage. During his time the show also started taking in international artist, first out was Ricky Martin, July 10, 2001. Another sing-a-long guest was Wyclef Jean, who loved it so much, he never wanted to leave the stage and the 29.325 people in the audience. Anders Lundin (host: 2003 - ) started out as a sub/temp for Lasse Berghagen and was the natural choice at taking over the last shows of 2003. He's a known TV personality and soon gained access to the hearts of all swedes. So hopefully between 8-9pm summertime for many years to come, Stockholmers and the rest of Sweden, will fill the air with rather than good song. 
Allt fˆr Sverige|2011|Everything for Sweden is a Swedish reality series which premiered in Swedish Television on 30 October 2011. Filming of season 1 took place in June 2011. The series is based on the popular Norwegian TV show Alt for Norge from TVNorge. The series is about Swedish-Americans returning to Sweden to discover their roots. In the program, they learn more about their family. Each week forced a participant in leaving the series and can thus miss their chance to get to know more about its origins. Host is Anders Lundin. In each section, participants puzzle pieces that will make their family complete map. Genealogists for the series is Helena Stark. 
Ally McBeal|1997|Ally McBeal and Billy Thomas were going steady throughout their childhoods. Ally even followed Billy to Harvard law school despite having no interest in law. But when Billy chose to pursue a career in law away from Ally, their relationship came to an end. In the present, an old classmate of Ally's named Richard Fish gives Ally a job at his law firm, where Billy and his new wife are also working. This puts Ally in a predicament since she still has feelings for Billy which she's laboring to get over. At the office, Ally puts up with a nosy, gossiping secretary named Elaine, and an oddball lawyer named John Cage never seems to lose a case. At home, Ally's friend and house-mate RenÈe regularly advises her on her love life. The series follows Ally's trials and tribulations in life through her eyes, and caricaturizes her personal thoughts and fantasies. Ally McBeal is a single young lawyer looking for love and fullfillment in life. She works for a Boston Law firm with her ex-lover and his wife, a money loving boss and an annoying receptionist. With all that is going on she must contend with her feelings and her over active imagination. 
All· Te Espero|2012|A colombian big family moves from their country house into the city due to economical problems. The husband is obsessed with pursuing the american dream so he decides to enter the USA illegally, as his sister in law did, while leaving his wife and son in their country. He promises he will earn enought money so that they could be able to join him. However, things don't work out as expected and the whole family becomes divided due to their opinions on the american dream. 
AllÌ abajo|2015|IÒaki is a Basque man in his thirties who has never left Euskadi. He lives in San Sebasti·n with his absorbent mother Maritxu, and runs a bar he inherited from his father, where he routinely engages in a weekly game of mus with his longtime friends. One day, IÒaki finds himself forced to join Maritxu in a trip to Seville, which he definitely wasn't ready for - and she falls down a staircase and into a coma on their first night in town. Nothing will ever be the same for IÒaki once he finds himself stuck "down there". 
Alma de hierro|2008|Hierro receives some great news about his youngest son after helping G¸icho with a very serious problem. Sandy and Amadeo confront big issues in their relationship because of a misunderstanding. Florencia sets a trap for Diego and the whole incident is noticed by the paparazzi at a luxurious restaurant. 
Almanaque Musical com Marisa Orth|2014|A fun-filled investigation of some of Brazil's less-known musical styles, featuring the acclaimed actress/singer Marisa Orth. The new series "Musical Almanac With Marisa Orth" centers around exclusive live performances and musical duets with well-known Brazilian artists. Each episode is dedicated to a specific theme or era, in a humorous trip down memory lane where Marisa chats with her guests while they choose forgotten songs from Brazil's rich musical catalog. The series is shot at a real cabaret space in S„o Paulo, Brazil. "Musical Almanac" will premiere on Canal Brasil later this year. 
Almost 30|2015|Ricky starts dating a personal trainer but refuses to work out or eat healthy. Dream, Justin and Amber stage an intervention for Ricky's bacon addiction. Dream teaches Justin and Ricky how to shop healthy while Justin schools Ricky about the proper way to work out. 
Almost Anything Goes|1975|This show almost defies description. Each week, three teams (each representing a particular USA town, and consisting solely of members from the town) compete for money and prizes. The competitions vary from week to week, and include bizarre obstacle courses, pie throwing contests, swing relays, and other humorous, crazy contests. Each week, three teams of five people each competed in a series of competitive games. The games had wacky, far-out rules examples might include: A member of the team jumping into a pool while dressed in formal clothing and searching for five quarters; a blindfolded member of the team trying to throw whipped cream pies at their teammates; and one member of each team loading groceries into a sack, with his teammates carrying the bags relay-style to the back of a full-sized station wagon and loading them in, all accomplished in the shortest time possible. The announcers called the action as per a sporting event, with teams interviewed on their performance after each event. The winners of each event won points; the team scoring the highest for that program returned for a season-ending tournament for a grand prize. One later version of the show used teen-agers as contestants, while another adopted an all-celebrity format. 
Almost Epic|2007|A group of young comedians performs random sketches on a weekly show. No one is safe in these "in your face" style sketches that touch base on politics, pop culture, news events, and random acts in our daily lives. Tune in and enjoy the show. They are epic... well... almost. 
Almost Genius|2015|Almost Genius is a self-contained, half-hour comedy series that celebrates the people, places and things that try so hard to succeed but come up just a bit short. Hosted by April Richardson and Chris Fairbanks, the show features comedians and performers digitally inserted into viral videos to comment on and congratulate people for their bravery and ingenuity in snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. But Almost Genius doesn't mock, because as everyone knows, almost is awesome...and genius. Hosted by April Richardson and Chris Fairbanks, the show features comedians and performers digitally inserted into viral videos to comment on and congratulate people for their bravery and ingenuity in snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. 
Almost Grown|1988|In some ways, Norman and Suzie are a very typical American couple. After meeting in high school, dating all through school and college, getting married and having two children, they decided to get divorced. They still are very close, though, and have no qualms about co-operating with raising their kids. At least once in every episode, something would remind one of them of some event in their past, and viewers would be treated to a lengthy flashback of how the two met and fell in (and then out) of love. 
Almost Heroes|2011|A single-camera comedy about coming home again - when home is a comic book store in a suburban strip mall. Warring brothers Terry and Peter are forced to take over the reins of their father's failing comic book store after his untimely death. While Peter remained at home working alongside his father and emulating all of his nerdy ways, Terry escaped his youth as the high school punching bag and went to Harvard business school, never looking back. Now Terry must confront the family and friends he abandoned and the geek culture he has fought so hard to forget. The brothers try to put the past behind them, keep dad's dream alive and not kill each other in the process. 
Almost Home|1993|Having a hard time making ends meet after her divorce, Millicent Torkelson moves her three children to Seattle, where she becomes the nanny to the spoiled Morgan children. 
Almost Human|2013|Is friendship between a human & an android even possible? When a police detective John Kennex gets a new partner, an android of a DRN model or Dorian, he never thought it was possible to become a friend with a human-like walking machine. Could he be wrong? 
Almost Live from the Comedy Corner|1984|Jeff Valdez began his TV career by producing and hosting this half-hour show, shot at his comedy club "The Comedy Corner" in Colorado Springs. It aired live every Saturday night on a Colorado Springs' local channel, KOAA TV, after "Saturday Night Live." Among other firsts, the series featured first-time TV appearances by Sinbad and Roseanne Barr. 
Almost Live!|1984|A mixture of skit comedy and stand-up from a Seattle-based group of performers. Skits tended to focus on social issues, such as "The Worst Girlfriend in the World". One regular feature was "Mind Your Manners, with Billy Quan", in which Quan would demonstrate proper behavior by beating the living daylights out of rude people. 
Almost Married|2012|During season 2 of "SUNDAY BEST", television's # 1 gospel singing competition series, Latice Crawford and Jeff Spain, two of the top 10 finalists met on the set and have been inseparable ever since. Sparked by a divine encounter, the confident and spunky bride to-be believes that God told her that her husband's name would be Jeff and she acted upon it. The laid back and smooth Jeff quickly felt the vibe and the rest is a love story in the making. "ALMOST MARRIED", will follow the relationship of two very different people with a common and strong love for God, family and music. 
Almost Midnight|2016|ALMOST MIDNIGHT is a coming-of-age, romantic black comedy about a socially-inept young man called Dave, who wants a fairy-tale romance, but lacks the abilities to meet and most importantly keep the woman of his dreams,. Dave's tale is told over six years, in five minute real-time slices of his life in the lead up to each New Years Eve countdown. 
Almost Perfect|1995|Kim is struggling to balance the competing pressures of her work life and her personal life. At the office, she has just been promoted to the position of executive producer of the hit police drama, "Blue Justice", and must handle the fragile egoes of the actors while also dealing with the all-male writing staff working under her. On the other side, she has fallen in love with a hard-driven district attourney who rarely has time to see her. Somehow, she must work out both sides of this equation. 
Almost Royal|2014|British royalty Georgie and Poppy Carlton travel to Boston to discover a bit of American history. They learn about the British humiliation in the Revolutionary War, come away parched from a Tea Party meeting, 'trash talk' with a local baseball team and attempt to rewrite history during a battle re-enactment. 
Almost There!|1988|A soap about the young people who participate on a dance show called "The Dance Connection". The story takes place in a fictional California suburb called South Hills (a town which is on the Orange County and Los Angeles borderline). 
Almost There|2015|Cooper is a handsome, eternally single psychiatrist living in New York City. Serial dating and workaholic behavior have successfully helped him avoid long-term commitments, until he meets the girl of his dreams. Unfortunately he fails to get her name, number or any other information. The series follows Jackson on his quest to find her and to finally go about the task of finding himself along the way. 
Aloha Paradise|1981|Each week, visitors would be welcomed by Ms. Chase to the Paradise Village holiday resort in sunny Hawaii. Most of the guests had the same reason for booking their vacations here: to fulfill their dreams of finding the prefect love. With the help of the hotel staff, including Fran the social director, Richard the lifeguard, and Evelyn the bartender, each of the week's visitors were somehow matched with their ideal mate. 
Aloha Vet|2015|A vet who travels the islands of Hawaii taking house calls and emergencies. Dr.Scott Sims helps animals all over Hawaii big and small. Dr.Scott and his helpers show you how surgeries are done and the symptoms of the illnesses the animals have. 
Aloha: The Paige Hurd Show|2012|Old School and New School worlds collide when Paige arrives from Harlem with a "Hip Hop" attitude to live with her infamous, Grandmother "GIGI" a retired Broadway Diva who owns a secluded resort in Hawaii that caters to a very rich and famous clientËle. 
Alondra: Historia de una transexual|2006|Alondra is attractive, poor, an immigrant, a prostitute and transsexual. We follow the life of Alondra (Alberto) through her own self-shot footage, traveling from Spain where she lives, to Thailand where she undergoes complicated surgeries to complete her "gender reassignment", to New York where she visits her family who knew her only as a boy. The film explores the internal struggle for acceptance of a person betrayed by her own body since infancy who makes the radical decision to change genders. 
Alone Together|2016|Marcus is a troubled 16 year old from a poor family. He would do whatever he has to do to survive. He is schizophrenic and often sells his medication for a quick buck. This continues up until he sees his guilt in the form of a young girl. Following her are other embodiments of his emotions. They help him through his decisions and situations in his life, whether he likes it or not. 
Alone in the Wild|2009|Experienced cameraman Ed Wardle sets out on an adventure in which he is the star: a long stay in the barren Canadian wilderness. As the cycle of seasons passes, he must survive from the land, while filming his trapper-like daily life, the landscape he wanders trough and the wildlife he now has to interact with. 
Alone|2015|Ten men try to survive as long as they can in the Vancouver Island wilderness, carrying only what can fit in a backpack. Alone in harsh, unforgiving terrain, these men must hunt, build shelters and fend off predators, all while documenting the experience themselves. It's the ultimate test of man's will. 
Along for the Bride|2012|Kara's wedding is just around the corner, but she still has a major dilemma on her hands, choosing her maid of honor. And bitter bridesmaids rivals Claire the country girl she's known the longest and Sarah, her new best friend in LA fight for the title. 
Along for the Ride|2005|Episode One: the series begins in Brandon Manitoba and tracks Olympian Jonathan Asselin, veteran Tamai Philips and rookie Danielle Risler through various tune up classes which prepare them for the Kubota Cup Grand Prix at week's end. Asselin has a great week but disappointing class, Risler manages to survive the big track despite a week that rattles Oliver's (her horse) confidence while Philips delivers a top five finish and manages to keep Risler on an even keel, despite student/trainer tension. 
Alotta Bookski : International Dummy|????|Alotta comes to America to fulfill her life long dream of becoming the next Richard Pryor, her idol. Instead she finds out she comes from a long line of famous spies, and now it's her turn to save the world from the new cold war. God help us. 
Alouette|2012|"Alouette" follows Lark, a dancer-by-day/stripper-by-night who finds herself spiraling into alcoholism and pornography after her first mysterious experience as a prostitute. Lark has established herself in the city's burgeoning dance scene and subsidizes her new dance company by stripping. Ever the loudest voice in the room, she uses her words as weapons in the fight to justify her actions and to express her absurdist philosophy peppered with feminist notions. "Alouette" is a Five Episode Series set in contemporary New Orleans. 
Alpha Dogs|2013|Vohne Liche Kennels welcomes a new group of T.E.D.D. handlers who need pairing up with dogs. This program trains K-9s to detect improvised explosive devices and trains the handlers to use the animals' skills to save the lives of their fellow soldiers. 
Alpha Girls|2014|Alpha Girls follows four jet-setting, career driven girls at the top of their creative games as they juggle work, relationships and everything in between to grow their brand and themselves personally. Capturing the essence of their hustle and the drama of their everyday lives, Alpha Girls will reveal each of their individual and universal journeys as they work with some of the biggest names in the music and fashion industries. 
Alpha House|2013|As the re-election battles heat up the four senators travel to Afghanistan as part of a Congressional Delegation and encounter an unexpected surprise. 
Alpha Planet|2010|Taking place in 2256: For 200 years the entire human civilization has lived on the A.R.C. refuge ship, and supplies are running short. Four explorers have been sent back to Earth in search of signs of new life. Along the way, they discover things are not quite as expected and one member of their crew may know more than he lets on. 
Alpha Youth Film Series 2|2017|The Alpha Youth Series is a brand new interactive series exploring life, faith and meaning. Re-imagined for today's youth culture, each episode looks at a different question around faith and is designed to create conversation. It's for young people with no Christian or church background. The Alpha Youth Series will all be available for free online. After the success of the first Alpha Youth Film Series in 2013, the new Alpha Youth Series has been updated, rewritten and redesigned for a global audience. It has been filmed in Vancouver, London, Paris, Rome, Israel and many other incredible locations. 
Alpha-Type|2016|The city of Triodyss is an industrious place, with a booming industry. However, all is not well. The government sanctioned Assassin Core is struggling to maintain order against the crime empire known as the Goon-Union, and to complicate matters even further a new faction has appeared seemingly out of nowhere - the Royal Syndicate. 
Alphas|2011|Following the death of a witness in a court case, Dr. Lee Rosen leads a team of "Alphas", (advanced human beings) who have have a number of special skills that makes them a formidable team. As Rosen mentors them and teaches the team to harness their considerable skills, they begin to realize that there are powerful forces behind the courthouse murder, including one of their own. 
Alpimaja|2012|Estonia's women's swimming team is stripped of their Olympic medals because of doping, and a scandal begins. With the help of Martin K¸tt (Ivo Uukkivi), an internationally renowned crisis expert, the team aims to solve the disaster. However, as Martin investigates the doping, it emerges that even government officials are involved in the affair. 
Alpine Adventurer|2010|Simon St-Arnaud, a passionate mountaineer and traveler, organizes one-of-a-kind trips where adventurous skiers can face unique mountain challenges. Accompanied by a handful of like-minded souls who share both his passion and his fearlessness, the intrepid adventurers visit rugged, off-the-beaten-track corners of the world, facing and conquering nature at her harshest. There are no limits to their quest -- no matter how remote the ski station, they'll reach it on foot, by dog sled or even helicopter if necessary. Join the alpine adventurer and his intrepid companions as they take on whatever challenge nature throws their way in their unending quest for extreme and unforgettable sporting experiences. 
Alpviram|1998|The story revolves around the life of 21-year-old Amrita. She seems like a happy and healthy girl till one day, when she faints and is rushed to the hospital. She never wakes up and goes into coma. While the doctors try to solve the medical mystery, Amrita's grandparents run out of money to foot the hospital bills. On the other hand, her fiance, Rohit, is being pressurised to marry another girl. A year passes by and Amrita shows no improvement. Amidst all the issues cropping up, it is found that she is 3 months pregnant. Someone raped her while she was in coma. What follows is a heart-wrenching story of her helpless grandparents who want justice for their once happy and healthy Amrita, a fiance who fights for his love under parental pressure and accusations of rape on a girl whose bodily integrity was snatched away from her under the most vulnerable circumstances. Out of the various suspects ranging from hospital staff to even Rohit, it is finally discovered that the senior most doctor in the hospital committed the heinous crime. 
Already Dead: A Documentary About Recovering Zombies|????|15 years after a zombie outbreak Zombies live among us; working 9-5, holidaying in Barbados and living "life" to the fullest. A documentary crew have been given exclusive access into the lives a group of recovering zombies. Thanks to Zombenzine 44D a miracle drug Zombies can walk among humans as one. However George and other zombies have to contend with aggressive prejudice each and every day because of their appearance. 
Alright Already|1997|An optometrist must deal with embarrassing situations, insipid dating prospects and bizarre family relationships. 
Als de dijken breken|2016|What would happen if a storm breaches through all defenses on the Dutch and Belgian coastline? What if the government has to decide whether to evacuate or wait with this decision because it could lead to an economical standstill? What if food supplies, communications and a safe haven are gone? This series depicts a scenario about just that. A scenario that is not too far off reality. 
Alta Tensione|2016|Edison Pepi is the head of a company of electrical supplies.He is angry. His daughter does not want to finish her studies. Edison decide to give her a job as warehouse-man but he does not know how to tell her. The talks the company organizes in reality are a mock interview arranged by his father. Elettra soon discovers the affair of his father and goes on a rampage. One thing is for sure: she will make him pay. 
Altair in Starland|2003|Altair starts school. He follows Gosho's instructions.. which pleases the teacher but annoys the other kids. So, in the afternoon, he follows their advice on how an ideal student should behave... and chaos results... Unfortunately, this is the day of the Annual Inspection and His Majesty is Governor of the School Board... 
Altar'd|2017|Altar'd captures the journeys of six engaged couples who are determined to lose weight and adopt healthy lifestyles before saying "I do." Three months prior to their nuptials, the future bride and groom are paired with acclaimed fitness trainers Chris Marhefka and Erin Stutland to begin their transformations. However, in a twist that none of the participants see coming, the couples will be separated, unable to see each other for the entire 90 days until they are reunited for an incredible and emotional reveal at the altar. While the arduous process brings many of the couples closer together, it offers others a newfound clarity that could prompt them to re-evaluate their anticipated walk down the aisle. 
Alter Eco|2008|Popular actor and sustainable living activist Adrian Grenier, who's renovating a 1920's house in the historic, hip Los Feliz neighborhood, gathers green-conscious friends Angela Lindvall, Boise Thomas and Darren Moore to help make a stylish, earth-friendly difference in Los Angeles. 
Alter-native Facts|2018|The pilot opens with DANNY moving to a new city, unaware of the characters that live in his neighborhood. The whole neighborhood comes to life. The neighbors just stare at Danny as he heads toward his house. A real estate agent meets Danny in the front yard. Danny attempts to interact with his neighbors, but they do not engage with him. After all the paperwork is done and the real estate agent leaves, Danny starts to see what the neighborhood really is. The neighbor on his right is a Southern racist and on his left, there is a Black Panther, not to mention a huge Mexican flag waving from a man's house down the street. Danny tries to ignore the newfound atrocities that his new neighborhood presents and heads to work. Danny is greeted by the owner of the company, who gives Danny a tour around the building. As they pass the break room, Danny notices a very attractive woman gambling and winning in an arm-wrestling contest. The champion mocks the men in the break room as she takes their money. Danny asks the owner who the woman in the break room is. The boss replies, "That's KATE, your supervisor." A look of stress clouds his face. Danny now knows that home and work are going to be hell. 
Altered Carbon|2018|ALTERED CARBON is set in a future where consciousness is digitized and stored in cortical stacks implanted in the spine, allowing humans to survive physical death by having their memories and consciousness "re-sleeved" into new bodies. The story follows specially trained "Envoy" soldier Takeshi Kovacs, who is downloaded from an off-world prison and into the body of a disgraced cop at the behest of Laurens Bancroft, a highly influential aristocrat. Bancroft was killed, and the last automatic backup of his stack was made hours before his death, leaving him with no memory of who killed him and why. While police ruled it a suicide, Bancroft is convinced he was murdered and wants Kovacs to find out the truth. 
Altered Course|2015|From Montego Bay, Jamaica. Forget everything you know about golf. On this course, the holes are over 700 yards. Par is measured with a stopwatch. The hazard is a jungle. And the route you take is up to you. It's a test of skill, speed, and strategy, as eight teams of two race for survival. Don't miss a moment as golf goes extreme. 
Alternate History Hub|2013|Gripping stories of alternate realities where various historical or science fiction events have unfolded and affected the world in an infinite number of ways. Cody walks us through these events, the history behind them, and how it would have affected our world if they had happened in a different way, or not at all. 
Alternate Route|2013|The great American road trip meets the modern era as photojournalist and blogger Matt Hranek hits the road in search of people, places and objects that embody the timeless American spirit. As Matt crosses the country, his curiosity and passion propel him to places and expose him to people and things that most would never encounter. 
Alternate Universe Batman|2017|The Actual Stevens Family, a Wealthy Philanthropic Family from Massachusetts is hurled into an "Alternate Universe" just like here, but with some differences like in the New Universe the Batman Family is real and is the Stevens Family. They somehow have absorbed the knowledge and heroic skills of our Universes Beloved Heroes...Popular Celebrities have already offered to make "Bat" Appearances. 
Alternatives|2017|Dr. Adi Jaffe and Dr. Marc Kern are renowned and respected addiction experts with decades of clinical and research experience. You may have seen them talking about addiction and recovery on 20/20, the Today Show, CBS, and the Dr. Oz Show, among others. Dr. Jaffe and Dr. Kern created Alternatives to offer their clients the most advanced evidence-based research available. And they know it works. Why? Because they live it every day. Both have dealt with their own alcohol abuse problems and successfully achieved their goals by using these moderation management techniques. At Alternatives, we are dedicated to finding a way for you to reach your recovery goals and live the healthy, productive, empowered life you desire. You're not alone. Not anymore. Together, we can do this. 
Altijd Prijs|2015|For years, family father Rudy Desmet's fanatically-followed lottery numbers system failed to yield anything. When his bright son Jasper looses the pre-filled-out form, he plays at random instead, and wins big. Rudy however doesn't tell the model knave, whose graduation -a family first- he only celebrated for the party treats. Rudy cancels his lame job as security transport firm employee, but has to retract after his wife and her mother force him to take advice from lottery psychologist Carl Kaspers. 
Alumni Project|2013|Viewers will meet graduates of some of the best high schools in the country... 15 years after the fact. Though their school days are in the past, the competition, the cliques, the insecurities and the longstanding grudges are as true now as they were back then. These driven and successful alumni may have families and careers of their own now, but the friendships, rivalries and love affairs prove that some things never change. 
Alvin & the Chipmunks|1983|Swept up in a holiday mood, Alvin gives away his cherished harmonica to a sick little boy. Meanwhile, Dave has booked Alvin to perform a harmonica solo at Carnegie Hall! Alvin keeps the loss of his harmonica a secret from Dave, and with the help of Simon and Theodore scrambles to earn enough money to buy another harmonica in time for his Carnegie Hall debut! Along the way you'll hear Alvin, Simon and Theodore getting ready for the Big Night, singing their own comical versions of holiday favorites like "Jingle Bells," "Deck the Halls" and their famous "Chipmunk Song (Christmas Don't Be Late)"! This heartwarming story, brimming with joyful music, makes "A Chipmunk Christmas" a great way to celebrate the holidays... any day! Dave is having many problems in life; including things like not being able to pay for car repairs and write a good song. After costing the boys their soccer game and not being able to pay to send them to summer camp, he feels that the boys would be better off without him. The boys later come to him in a dream saying how things would be different for them without him. Simon is first to say that without Dave to help him in the spelling bee, he would still be in kindergarten at the age of 40. (The word was Mississippi. Without Dave's help he spelled it Misaspi, causing him to be held back.) Theodore says that without Dave's help, he became a hermit on a desert island. Alvin is last to say that without the first success of his lemonade stand, he became a failure. 
Alvin's Guide to Good Business|2010|Alvin Hall, a business veteran with 25 years experience on Wall Street, travels the world meeting social entrepreneurs, business leaders more interested in doing good than making money, to learn and advise them how to make their enterprises even more effective. 
Alvinnn!!! And the Chipmunks|2015|The series is an animated comedy about a single father named David Seville, who is raising three chipmunks. He can lose his patience sometimes, causing him to say "ALVINNN!!!". The series takes place in modern times and discusses modern topics such as Dave's technology issues and school bullying. Others are parents embarrassing kids and parents needing dates. A revival of the classic show from the 80s centers on music writer/composer and single dad Dave Seville raising three young sons Alvin, Simon, and Theodore: Three musically talented and famous chipmunk brothers who get into all sorts of shenanigans as they deal with modern day issues and the every day life lessons. 
Always Afternoon|1988|In 1915 Australia, German prisoners of war, as well as Aussies of German heritage, are kept in camps. This creates many animosities toward the authorities, but in this account the camp is very relaxed in its discipline... enough that one of its prisoners, a violinist, is able to fall in love with one of the local Australian women. 
Always Greener|2001|Every city-dweller daydreams sometimes about dropping out of the rat-race and moving to the country. Every country-dweller wonders what it might be like to try their luck in the "Big Smoke". Always Greener is the story of two families who actually dare to give it a go. 
Always and Everyone|1999|A team of Doctors committed to working on the frontline, the Accident and Emergency Department of busy city hospital. They are young, dedicated and idealistic. Driven by the desire to give the best service possible. Their reward is not money or prestige but in making a difference to people's lives. Saint Victor's a modern 'super' hospital, taking health-care into the future. Forward thinking, equipped with state of the art technology, a vital part of the community, a hospital for the 21st century. But demands are increasing and the patients keep on coming. The work is challenging, unpredictable and at times dangerous. The Doctors never know what is going to come in the door. 
Alyna|2010|Alyna is a woman who grew up feeling unloved until she meets Rex. He was fun, charismatic and immediately swept Alyna off her feet. When she thought she finally found love in the arms of Rex, he suddenly disappears. Alyna is left alone, heartbroken and carrying his child. In the search for Rex, Alyna crosses paths with Dominic - a sad, serious and cold man. But as the days progress, the fire in Alyna's heart blazes anew as she got to know the endearing qualities of Dominic. He could be the man Alyna was looking for all along. But Rex returns, promising to continue the love story he started weaving with Alyna. Who will Alyna choose - the man she loved first? Or the man who promises to love her forever? 
Alyssa's Tips for Easy Parenting|2015|Alyssa believes herself to be the perfect mommy. And she thinks it is her job to help others mommies be perfect, too. She creates a video blog (a vlog), to share all of the tips she has learned in her two short years as a mommy to Mary Grace. This series is her vlog. 
AlÈm da Conta|2014|Shopping Frenzy is a news and entertainment series that investigates why Brazilians became the biggest overseas spenders In the U.S and are now the number one tourists spending money in New York City. Hosted by celebrated and award winner actress Ingrid Guimar„es, (her last motion pictures "Head over Heels 1 and 2" were big box offices hits bringing millions of people to movie theaters all over Brazil) the series brings a new perspective into this new and huge phenomenon. The first season was shot in NY with a huge success. The second season followed the path showing how Brazilians spend more than they should in Miami City. 
Am I Perfect?|2017|In a star studded world of crazed pop culture, social media domination and celebrity fixation, where appearance infatuation has become an obsession, it is not surprising that one in three young Australians say that body image is their top concern. The media affects our ideas of who we are and who we could be, so much so that looking at fashion magazines for just three minutes lowers the self-esteem of over 80% of women. As a 19 year-old university student with everyday female insecurities, Director Madeleine Humphreys, recognised that she - like a majority of females within her age group - can't help to feel overwhelmed and unattractive when comparing herself to broader society's definition of beautiful. Am I Perfect? follows the journey of Madeleine, as she sets out on an all-consuming quest in an attempt to obtain Hollywood 'perfection'. In this self-transforming exploration, Madeleine pushes herself to the limits over ten weeks to see if she can achieve 'perfection'. Madeleine sets out to discover if she could ever feel more than just 'average'? Could she, like a celebrity on a red carpet or a model on a runway, present herself to a large crowd of people and feel beautiful? Existing on meagre celebrity rations, extreme exercise regimes and grueling beauty treatments her journey takes her on a self-inflicted physical and emotional roller coaster where she discovers her own worse enemy in this plight for perfection is herself. With health and fitness experts advising her to stop, yet image-obsessed society screaming more. Madeleine discovers how dangerous and physically unattainable perfection is. A 19 year old Australian woman sets out on an all-consuming quest to see if Hollywood 'perfect' is obtainable. In this social experiment, Madeleine subjects herself to vigorous beauty treatments, diets and exercise regimes endorsed by the media over a grueling ten weeks. A 19 year old Australian woman sets out on an all-consuming quest to see if Hollywood 'perfect' is obtainable; subjecting herself to vigorous beauty treatments, diets and exercise regimes endorsed by the media over a grueling ten week journey. 
Am laufenden Band|1974|Four pairs of family members of different generations have to do little stunts, puzzles and quizes until one pair wins this first round. In the final round the remaining two play against each other having to answer questions about the primetime news broadcast of the same day. The winner gets to sit in front of a conveyor belt with lots of goods or symbols representing goods and always including a question mark representing a surprise prize. Everything which can be recalled correctly afterwards, can be taken home. 
Amaama to Inazuma|2016|Six months after his wife's death, a highschool teacher struggles to raise his daughter due to his inability to cook. When he meets an introverted student, who's also a part-time cook, he decides to learn to cook good meals for his daughter. 
Amagi Brilliant Park|2014|The "slapstick drama" begins with Seiya Kanie, a high school boy who is invited on a date in an amusement park by a mysterious beautiful transfer student named Isuzu Sento. He is introduced to Ratifa, a "real" princess and the park's manager, and is asked to be the acting manager of this "disappointing amusement park in the Tokyo suburbs." The "slapstick drama" begins with Seiya Kanie, a high school boy who is invited on a date in an amusement park by a mysterious beautiful transfer student named Isuzu Sento. He is introduced to Ratifa, a "real" princess and the park's manager, and is asked to be the acting manager of this "disappointing amusement park in the Tokyo suburbs." 
Amalia Hern·ndez, El espect·culo de la danza|2000|This portrait of the founder and dominant spirit of the Folkloric Ballet of Mexico is, at the same time, a look at the ephemeral qualities of dance and Mexican political culture. It is the story of a personal decision that wound up becoming a cultural institution. 
Amalia|2005|"Amalia" is a South African drama series about a poet who goes to a small town and commits suicide by overdosing on pain medication. Her husband does not believe that she took her own life. He goes to Meerhof, where all the residents are suspects, to solve the murder. Later, a mysterious woman appears in town and is thought to be Amalia. 
Amanda Burton's Bloody Valentines|2014|When a rabbi's wife is killed by a mystery man, he hires a private investigator - who turns out to have deadly secret of his own. And when a businesswoman discovers that her husband is having an affair, what unfolds is a twisted tale of snuff movies and murder. 
Amanda Burton's Killer Forensics|2013|Home is not always where the heart is. And when a person kills a member of their own family - the people they're supposed to love the most - the crime seems particularly heartless. But when it comes to murder, blood ties sometimes lead to bloody ends. 
Amanda's|1983|Many attempts have been made to produce an American version of the British hit comedy "Fawlty Towers", of which this show is one. Amanda, owner of the struggling hotel Amanda's by the Sea, is trying to keep her head above water despite her staff seemingly doing their best to drive her under. Included in the mix is Amanda's son, fresh out of hotel management school and full of more theory than experience, his wife, who would rather be back in the city, and the bellhop Aldo, whose home country is a mystery, but is definitely not somewhere that English is spoken. 
Amango|2007|The new school year has begun at the Art Academy of Le Blanc. Only the best in singing and dance are admitted. However, Felipe and Magdalena will be each other's first love. They are both auditioning to enter the Academy. Their love will be a challenge and can taken them off the path to achieving their dreams. You will meet their friends: FeÒa, Eduardo, Kika, Renato, Paloma, Sebastian, and Kevin. This group of friends will live friendship and love as well as the conflicts and obstacles that they will have to come face to face. Amango is a series where dreams and the nightmares also come true. 
Amantes de Luna Llena|2000|Across the city, the legend of a man sets women on fire. They say that his eyes can demolish the strongest woman; that his words are celestial music; that he is a master at exploring the feminine body. Some have even compared him to the mythical character Don Juan. He is Simon Luna, the most famous tourist guide in the Caribbean, specialized in taking vacationers to Venezuela's most exotic locations. Another detail makes this legend even more disturbing: the best lover in town has never been conquered by any woman. That is^≈ until the arrival of Camila Rigores. A woman of incredible beauty and overpowering personality, she's the daughter of Leon Rigores, owner of the biggest hotel in the capital. Camila Rigores returns to Venezuela with the mission of managing her father's hotel and of reactivating the tourist industry across the country. But an unforeseeable tragedy occurs: Isabel Rigores, Camila's younger sister, commits suicide because of an unrequited love. Camila decides to get revenge for her sister's unexpected suicide and hunts down the man responsible for her death. That man is none other than Simon Luna. Camila Rigores works out a master plan. The great womanizer must be attracted with tasty bait, and what better bait than herself? Simon will be surprised by the sudden apparition of Camila Rigores in one of the most impressive locations of Venezuelan nature. She will make him her business partner, will challenge him to seduce her and will propose the rarest of bets. It is then that her duel to death with him begins. Simon, never suspecting that she is Isabel's sister, and totally ignorant of Isabel's death, is immediately captivated by Camila's beauty. He accepts the challenge of seducing her in a limited time period, and they each bet all of their assets, meaning complete ruin for the one who loses. The proposition is totally crazy, but it is a challenge that Simon simply cannot refuse. Starting the next day, Simon Luna will try to seduce the world's most difficult woman, while she sets her lethal trap. And this dangerous game will violently change their lives forever. But our story not only focuses on this memorable duel, as the El Dorado hotel harbors more love affairs than the city has ever known. The lives of both the hotel guests and employees will generate a kaleidoscope of tales: Powerful men, emancipated women, couples on the verge of separation, desperate singles, friends betraying friends, secret loves, blundering casanovas, heartless grandmothers and exuberant granddaughters. 
Amar a la mexicana|2001|An exploration of the diverse expressions of Mexicans' emotional lives. Prejudices, myths, traditional values, typical and atypical characteristics of their love relationships are discussed as well as the exuberant erotic imagination that conforms to that very particular way of loving ''Mexican style''. 
Amar en tiempos revueltos|2005|Charles dismantles his espionage net and Antonio lost his job. H·sek hypnotizes Consuelo. Isidro buys morphine for JosÈ. Fabian suffers a hemorrhage because of H·sek medicine. Doctor Esteban stops it. Minutes later Fabi·n begins to speak again. 
Amar y morir en Chile|2012|Preparations of the ambush FPMR (Patriotic Front Manuel Rodriguez) is planning to kill the dictator Augusto Pinochet. The assault on the money exchange shop, logistical and tactical preparations, CNI agents stalk of the "Commander Tamara". The assault begins. 
Amarte es mi pecado|2004|Nora is a poor young woman filled with dreams who lives in the beautiful city of Patzcuaro. Her father and her evil stepmother decide to marry her off to a rich man so that she can have a better life. On her father's deathbed she swore to marry a rich man. After her father dies, Heriberto Reyes begins to harass Nora. When he attempts to molest her, she defends herself by firing a gun at him, landing her in jail.... and with a bad image. Heriberto's wife, Gertrudis has made Nora's life a living hell with help of Nora's ex boyfriend Alfredo. Practically driven out of town, Nora and her stepmother move to Morelia to live with her Aunt Alejandra and her godchild Casilda. Casilda is the opposite of what Nora symbolizes like beauty, inside and out. Nora meets the love of her life, Arturo, a pilot when she attempts suicide and he saves her.....Over time their love grows, and Nora becomes jealous of women like Gisela, and her aunt's goddaughter Casilda. Gisela's husband, Evaristo and Leonardo also admire Nora's beauty like Heriberto did, which, on the other hand, makes Casilda jealous because she is in love with Leonardo. Later on.... Isaura discovers that Casilda isn't really Alejandra's goddaughter, but her real DAUGHTER! She discovers that Alejandra kept it a secret, because Casilda's father, is Nora's dad! Isaura hides this from Casilda, until the day that Isaura poisons her with an apple, so that Casilda can inherit Alejandra's money, and split it up with greedy Isaura. On another side of town, there's Paulina who lives with her father and brother, and becomes a journalist for Juan Carlos Orellana, who falls in love with Paulina. These characters lives will cross when Arturo goes to Miami, as part of his pilot career and in a chance encounter, he accidentally sleeps with Paulina. Meanwhile, Nora discovers she's pregnant, and her stepmother, Isaura, gets furious, because she wanted to marry her off to a rich man. And due to their encounter, Paulina is also pregnant. Both women run into each other different times through their lives, and discover that they have the same tastes....even in the love of a man. Arturo tells Nora that Paulina is pregnant by him and Nora becomes furious, and decides to raise her baby alone, and doesn't tell him shes carrying his baby too. But the jealousy of people went to limits, but Nora eventually has her baby. Since Isaura was very furious that Nora was pregnant, she makes Nora believe that her baby died at birth, and switches Nora's baby with Casilda's baby, which was born the same night, but died due to Casilda's aspirin overdose. Now, lost in a world, and alone, Nora does a drastic change in her life...exploiting men for money, and getting revenge on those who have wronged her. And the two people shes really doing this for, Arturo and Paulina. She becomes a cold woman, who constantly seeks an escape. This was all caused by destiny, and evil people who have poisoned her mind. When a charming man Felix Palacios comes in the picture, they marry, and move to Felix's mansion in a remote location, not seen on any maps. Arturo marries Paulina, after Nora decides to not ever see him again, and have their baby the same exact night that Nora and Casilda had their babies. Meanwhile, Arturo lives a sad life thinking of Nora all the time, and Paulina as well. She wants Nora to stay away and will also go to drastic limits. Underneath it all, Nora still loves Arturo., but she cant love anyone because she considers loving as her sin...... Five years later pass on by, and Casilda brings over Alejandrita (Nora's real child), and they notice that Alejandrita looks exactly like Nora did when she was a child. Even though Alejandrita comes from a rich family, she is still a pure, sweet little girl. On the other hand, Marissa, Arturo and Paulina's little girl, is selfish, and spoiled, due to her parents, because they felt sorry for her because she had heart problems. Later on, Felix hires a pilot, because he bought Nora a private plane, and is coincidentally, ARTURO!!! Nora discovers that Arturo is her pilot, and she tries to avoid him as much as possible. Towards the end of this story, Isaura kills Paulina with a pair of scissors, because she heard Isaura confess that she changed Nora and Casilda's babies at birth, Casilda comes out of the institution she was in, for having false illusions of her [god]mother, and a lot of Mafia guys kill Felix and all his body guards. Leonardo is also killed because he also knew the truth about Nora and Casilda's babies split at birth, and Casilda leaves Alejandrita with her real mother, Casilda's half-sister, Nora, and goes away with a trucker, and abandons Isaura in the dessert. A year passes on by, and Arturo is in church, telling Paulina, you know, by prayer, and tells her that Marissa, their daughter, had surgery, and no longer has heart problems. Then, Nora sees Arturo for the first time in five years, at the same fountain where they broke up six years ago, due to Paulina's pregnancy, and they live happily ever after with their two daughters, Marissa and Alejandrita. 
Amateurs|2014|A group of amateurs that form a theatre company 'De Pajotters' in their local village try to win the national prize of amateur groups. (Het Koninklijk Landjuweel) That is why they hire one of the most famous and professional directors Stany Krets to direct them in the play 'Antigone'. 
Amaya|2011|The story is set in Central Visayas in the 1500s, during the time of Rajah Mangubat's reign. He was not only known as a good warrior, but also as an undefeated one. Nobody stood a chance against him especially with his extraordinary battle skills and his magical amulet. Not long after, a village priestess prophesizes that there will be a day that he will be defeated. Rajah Mangubat becomes anxious about the prophecy not only because he will eventually be defeated, but also because the person who will take over his power is a girl - a girl who has a snake for a twin. With this, he orders all pregnant women in his own village tribe and also in others to be killed. Datu Bugna's village is the only one that survives Rajah Mangubat's terror because they have long been friends and alliances. What Rajah Mangubat doesn't know is that the baby girl that he has been looking for to be killed has been born in Datu Bugna's village. Amaya is Datu Bugna's daughter from Dal'lang, a slave woman. And because he wants to protect Amaya, he hides her in a secret chamber as a "binukot" and tells her that Dal'lang, is already dead. Amaya's twin snake is thrown away to the forest and is told that it may only come back if Amaya is in dire need of help. Amaya has once attempted to escape from her chamber when she wanted to see the outside world for the first time. That was when she saw Prince Bagani for the first time. They immediately fell in love with each other. No matter the distance and the years that have passed, they still have not forgotten that day when they first met. Because of Lamitan's evil desire to get rid of Amaya, she betrays her husband Datu Bugna and tells Rajah Mangubat her husband's plan of revolt. Rajah Mangubat's men take Amaya from her chamber and use her as blackmail to make Datu Bugna confess. He eventually does and Rajah Mangubat kills him in front of Amaya. Rajah Mangubat takes Amaya to his village and there, turns her as one of his slaves. Amaya sees the treacherous Lamitan and becomes enraged with her father's double-crossing wife. She promises that she will do anything to avenge her father. But Rajah Mangubat still has no idea about Amaya's true identity - the girl with the twin snake Amaya is surprised to see her long lost love, Bagani, but is devastated to find out that he is Rajah Mangubat's son. Bagani is shocked as well when he finds out that the girl he once fell in love with is now a slave. In spite of this, he still remains in love with her. However, Amaya tries to get rid of her feelings for him all for her father's sake. Will she succeed in her battle against true love? Will she be able to finally avenge her father? Will her prophecy come true?[ 
Amazing Adventures of a Nobody|2006|'Amazing Adventures of a Nobody' is a documentary/factual entertainment TV series that follows Leon, the presenter, on his travels around the UK on just 5 pounds a day. The 5 pounds has to cover food, accommodation and travel; the 5 pounds reflecting the average hourly wage according to the Department of Trade and Industry in the U.K. Leon had certain cities he had to pass through and was only ever allowed to stay for 24 hours in each city. The 5 pounds could not roll over and had to be spent, with each morning being presented a new five pound note for each new day. The public could buy him things and he could work for goods, but was never allowed to be given money directly. The results were truly amazing, hence the name, with our "nobody" meeting some fascinating people such as Jack the lobster fisherman in locations as grand as Lord Glasgow's Scottish castle and as beautiful as the Welsh Coast. The first season of the 'Amazing Adventures of a Nobody' series, which follows a fun-loving young Englishman as he travels around the entire U.K. on only five pounds a day. This five pounds must pay for his food, lodging, travel and everything else. Made up of 7 episodes, this real-life travel show has the added twist that we're never quite sure if our host will survive the journey. Program debuted on Sky TV in the U.K. and is being distributed throughout the world. Season 2 (13 episodes) follows our host as he travels from Times Square in New York to the Hollywood sign on just five dollars a day - See 'Amazing Adventures of a Nobody USA'. The location of Season 3 is currently a closely-held secret. 
Amazing Animal Videos|2001|Following in the tradition of "America's Funniest Home Videos", this program lets viewers at home send in tapes of their pets or other animals performing strange tricks, getting into unusual situations, or, most frequently, just being themselves. 
Amazing Extraordinary Friends|2006|A dorky teenage boy finds an amulet, that turns him into a real life superhero, with powers. Where there are superheroes there are always super villains but with the help of his friends they don their masks to fight for justice. Being a superhero is every boy's dream but when you have to balance battling evil by night and attending school by day there's not enough time left for homework, or chores. Will he graduate high school, will he be able to save the world, will his arch nemises finally defeat him, does the amulet hold untapped powers, can he find a girlfriend, can they really all stay friends? Travel on Amazing Extraordinary adventures with the Amazing Extraordinary Friends! 
Amazing Facts Presents|2007|The Sabbath meant so much to Jesus that He rested on the Sabbath day from His work of saving the human race. He didn't rise Sunday morning to inaugurate a new day. He rose to go back to work as our High Priest. This episode is a continuation. 
Amazing Grace|1995|After watching her life slip into a downward spiral of drug addiction ending with an attempted suicide, Hannah Miller turned herself around and started a new life as a minister. At the same time, she still must care for her two kids, a young son who has embraced his mother's new life cheerfully, and declared agnostic daughter who has not. Additional complications come from her church's Deacon Sutherland, who opposed Miller's hiring. 
Amazing Medical Stories|2002|Amazing Medical Stories follows the lives of people with rare and surprising medical afflictions and documents the remarkable medical treatments that are used to cure them. From a man falling into a churning cement mixer, to a baby born with four legs, each episode tells stories that range from unusual accidents to one-of-a-kind conditions. Each story begins as a medical mystery, gradually revealing the condition and symptoms until finally the right physician comes along to make a diagnostic breakthrough. This series is an inspiring celebration of science and human inventiveness triumphing over illness, accidents and disease. 
Amazing Space|2016|A couple loves their location, but their single-story ranch home has cramped bathrooms and closets, so Eric and his team step in to demolish the garage wall, creating the necessary space for a fabulous master bathroom and spacious walk-in closet. 
Amazing Stories|1985|During the Battle of the Alamo, just before he's killed, historical Colonel Travis orders a dedicated fifteen-year-old volunteer, Alamo Jobe, to take an urgent message to general John Lefferts. However, there's no way out and Jobe is about to be killed. That's when he notices a pair of late 20th century tourists walking around like nothing's happening. Dumbfounded, he follows them end ends up in modern day Alamo museum. No one realizes that he's from the past and he doesn't understand what just happened to him. Not knowing what else to do, he tries to deliver the message anyway. After many misunderstandings and dangerous situations, he begins to somewhat realize that he's in the future, but all he wants is to complete his mission somehow and go back to his dying friends to accept his tragic destiny. A buckskin-clad teenager fighting fiercely in the battle at the Alamo suddenly faces intense fear and confusion as he stumbles through the smoke and carnage out the front gate and finds himself mystifyingly in 20th-century San Antonio. 
Amazing Tails|1996|This wonderful show will make you laugh. The host will take you all over the USA and show you pets, pet owners, and fun things to do with your pet, and just about anything pet related. From pet greeting cards, to family pet portraits; and from pet training to pet beauty contests. 
Amazing Wedding Cakes|2008|Three businesses that specialize in creating unique cakes are featured weekly. The show follows each group from the initial meeting with the client, through the design phase, baking the cake and assembling it, and the delivery and set up. The cakes are not limited to wedding cakes, since clients ask for anniversary, birthday, engagement or other special occasion cakes. 
Amazon|1984|The first of a series on Jacques Cousteau's 18-month trip through Brazil's Amazonian region. Cousteau's team begins its journey at the river's source in the Andes and travels through some of Brazil's thickest jungles. Included: rare footage of a pink dolphin and other wildlife; a look at native life. Narrator: Joseph Campanella. 
Ambassadors|2013|The embassy welcomes the annoying minor royal and trade envoy Prince Mark of Bath, who has come to the country to help secure the licence for Anglo-Brit oil. He is extremely vain, taking an ironing board everywhere to keep his trousers crease-free and a difficult guest, demanding sexual threesomes. Meanwhile Neil is sheltering Amil Zarifi, an anti-government dissident who has escaped from jail and is hiding in the embassy with Jennifer's approval. Learning that the information Neil was blackmailed into giving them was false and aware of Zafifi's presence in the embassy, the secret police want him handed over to them and Keith wants to comply to save the oil contract. But Zarifi finds an unexpected ally when he bumps into Mark and they get drunk together, Zarifi horrifying Mark with stories of the Tazbekistan regime. This in turn leads to Mark delivering an amazing speech to the president which secures the oil deal as well as Zarifi's freedom. 
Amber in the Shadows|2013|Amber is a model turned actress who philosophizes about life, love and the daily struggles of an indie actress. After landing a hosting gig for the haunted travel show "Florida in the Shadows", Amber discovers her dream job might actually be a nightmare! 
Amber|2014|With a new job and boyfriend Sarah seems to be moving her life on but Ben is still convinced that Amber is alive and , in a brief moment of reconciliation with his ex-wife, celebrates Amber's birthday in her absence. Aware of her penchant for chatting on the Internet he becomes convinced that Amber has been abducted by a paedophile gang and enlists the help of 'Russian bride' Jolanta for information. To Sarah's horror, having told the police of his plan, he poses as a paedophile online and is able to locate a gang of sex traffickers, leading to arrests and the release of child victims. Two years on though Amber is still missing, having inexplicably gone on a country walk, passing a white van. Jenny is also seen in the company of Manga-Boy, whom she denied knowing. 
Ambience|2015|Ambience is a mystery centered around Anna, a single, over-worked teacher living in New York. Anna's life is overwhelming, exhausting, and a little bit lonely. In an attempt to combat her growing anxiety and insomnia, Anna begins taking sleeping pills and discovers that the side effects are more than she can handle. She finds herself waking each morning to a new disaster and no memory of what she did the night before. As her chaotic life spins further out of her control, Anna discovers a strange and adventurous side of herself that she never knew existed. 
Ambitions in LALA Land|2013|Chase Von Austin an over-privlaged actor from the mid-west and Chewy Guadalupe a once homeless screenwriter. Once Chewy inherits a sum of money from his deceased aunt he decides to chase his one true dream in life and become a screenplay writer. At the same time, Chase Von austin decides to leave his wholesome home town and take the plunge and move to Hollywood... 
Amen|1986|Deacon Frye, head of the First Community Church of Philadelphia, is trying to keep everything in his church firmly under control. His new assistant, Rev. Reuben Gregory, however, has some very different ideas of how do things. The parishoners, seeing that the best path probably lies between the two, play the two squabbling men off each other to keep things on a more or less even keel. Adding to the fray is the Deacon's daughter Thelma, who gradually becomes attracted to the new Reverend. 
AmeriCarna|2014|In the 60s, Smokey Yunick, the most innovative mechanic in NASCAR history sold his famous truck that hauled his equipment & race cars to race tracks across the country to a Virginia family. They travelled across the USA enjoying the truck & the memories. 
America 2-Night|1978|The second season version of "Fernwood 2Nite". The small time talk show from Fernwood, Ohio has moved to Alta Coma, California, where it has taken on a more national flavor. This satire of Merv Griffin, Johnny Carson, and all the other big names in 70's Talk TV promised each week that it would offend some, if not many, with its unusual brand of humor. In this newer version of the show, many well-known TV and movie stars came on as guests, where they often joined the cast in making fun of themselves and their media images. 
America Ammayi (Telugu)|2015|It's a story of Samantha who sets out to reunite her mother with her family. They disown her when she disobeys them and gets married to an American. She is born and lived all her life in the US, but her family values are deeply rooted into the Indian System. Over the years, Samantha's mum falls ill and wishes to reunite with her family and thus, Samantha takes it upon herself to bring the family together. She enters her grandparents' house and convinces them to accept their daughter. In the process, she falls in love with her maternal uncle's son, Surya. 
America Declassified|2013|America Declassified offers a behind-the-scenes look at previously broadcast segments. "Dead or Alive" revisits Alcatraz and the effort to paddle away from the island. "White Sands Whiteout" revisits the missile base and the problem of filming in a sand storm. "Sin City Secrets" takes another look at the tunnels under Las Vegas. "Money Talks" revisits the search for D.B. Cooper. "End Game" offers another look at missile silo condo and reveals how it could fight off a military assault. "Weed Warriors" observes the trimming of medical marijuana. "Deadly Payload" revisits WIPP and its nuclear waste storage. "Mystery Man" goes to Coral Castle to examine the cutting of coral stone. "Stopped Cold" takes a look at how pepperballs can assist in a cell extraction. 
America Goes to War: The Homefront|2001|This engrossing series that tells the story of the American people during World War II. Wartime newsreels, propaganda documentaries, movies, music and humor chronicle changes in American ideals, lifestyles and morals during the 1940s and 1950s. The story of the American people at war began in the highly acclaimed series 'Between The Wars', and continues in this series narrated by journalist Eric Sevareid. Shocked into action by the bombing of Pearl Harbor, Americans respond with an exhilarating sense of common purpose and build the most powerful war production machine the world has ever known. Wartime newsreels, propaganda documentaries, movies, music and humor chronicle changes in American ideals, lifestyles and morals, tracking the major movements in the lives of Americans during the 1940s and 1950s 
America Now|2010|A report on Munchausen by proxy syndrome, a mental disorder in which parents induce real/apparent disease symptoms in their children. Also: tips for keeping food fresh and extending life of outdoor tools; a product review of a toaster oven. 
America Reframed|2012|America ReFramed is a World Channel series showing documentaries bracketed by new interviews with key participants in the films. It airs at 8pm on Tuesdays. The series is hosted by Natasha Del Toro and is produced by the same team that produces POV for the American channel PBS. 
America Revealed|2012|Our modern electric power grid has been called the biggest and most complex machine in the world -- delivering electricity over 200,000 miles of high-tension transmission lines. Yul Kwon travels around the country to understand its intricacies, its vulnerabilities and the remarkable ingenuity required to keep the power on every day. 
America Song|1948|America has produced a wide variety of folk music and dance, raging from the fishing songs of the east coast to the cowboy ballads of the old west, and this show presented viewers with a sampling of it. Hosted by musician and singer Paul Arnold and featuring a rotating cast of singers and dancers, this program included a new lineup of performances each week of its year-long run. 
America Speaks|1948|Held during the Dewey-Truman election campaign of 1948 and hosted by well-known pollster George Gallup, this program kept American TV viewers updated on the state of the campaign by providing weekly opinion poll figures taken both nationally and inside the TV studion. In addition to simply showing the numbers, this program also introduced viewers to polling methods and explained the various factors that can affect the results. The program ended in October, which means the infamous "Dewey Defeats Truman!" announcement was not made on this show. 
America Tonight|1990|This late-evening news program typically followed the late 11 o'clock local news on most stations. Hosted by news veteran Charles Kuralt, and with support from reporters Lesley Stahl and Edie Magnus, this show provided viewers with a recap of the day's news stories, from politics and scandals to international crises and natural disasters. 
America Undercover|1983|This documentary walks viewers through the history of abortion in America from the beginning up to the date of filming, 1992. This unbiased piece shows all sides of the issue including women telling their story; a back alley abortion, a friend who helped another friend with an unwanted pregnancy, a adoption, and the child of an unwanted pregnancy. Filming of the procedure is included, I do not recommend this for those under 17. 
America Unearthed|2012|In AMERICA UNEARTHED, forensic geologist Scott Wolter, will try to reveal that the history we all learned in school may not always be the whole story. Across the country, ancient symbols, religious relics and unexplained artifacts suggests that civilizations from around the world have left their mark for us to find today. Wolter not only digs through the surprising burial ground that is America for archaeological secrets, but he also uncovers compelling theories that allegedly predates the official "discovery" of the New World and tries to turn a lot of what we know about American history on its head. America Unearthed goes out to prove that there is a lot we don't know about our past, and that people allegedly have gone to great lengths to cover up these mysteries. 
America at a Crossroads|2007|Following 9/11, the U.S. government adopted some controversial new tactics intended to prevent future terrorist attacks, including warrantless eavesdropping on Americans' phone calls, secret demands for records under the Patriot Act, and FBI sting operations against people thought to be potential terrorists. The Bush Administration contends these tactics have helped to save American lives, but critics say they have severely damaged our individual liberties. SECURITY VERSUS LIBERTY: THE OTHER WAR explores this urgent national debate by talking with leading critics and advocates of the new policies, and telling the stories of people whose lives have been directly affected. This program provides valuable information that will help Americans come to grips with the difficult choices we face. 
America by the Numbers with Maria Hinojosa|2014|Pacific Islanders serve in the U.S. military in disproportionally high numbers, and have suffered the highest casualty rates in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. We visit Guam, a U.S. territory in the Pacific, to speak to some of the island's veterans. The men and women here are American citizens and serve in our country's military at a rate three times higher than the rest of the country. We explore why Guam's returning veterans say they can't get the healthcare they need. 
America in Color|2017|It's a decade many consider to be America's glory years, despite fearful conflicts at home and abroad. Join us as we revisit the 1950s, when families reaped unprecedented riches, teens discovered rock 'n' roll, and a nation found itself in the throes of civil unrest and on the losing end of the Space Race. Through digital colorization, we present the most significant moments of this incredible decade like they've never been shown before, including the Korean War, the Little Rock Nine, Elvis Presley, and more. 
America in Primetime|2011|This documentary series looks at the evolution of specific character types appearing on American primetime episodic television from post WWII to the early twenty-first century. These characters were often a reflection of the times and often shaped by world events such as WWII, the Vietnam War and 9/11, but some also influenced behavior and attitudes, especially of such characterizations in future television shows. Landmark characterizations are presented and the reasons for them being landmarks are discussed. Each episode of America in Primetime focuses on one character archetype that has remained a staple of primetime through the generations - the Man of the House, the Independent Woman, the Misfit, and the Crusader - capturing both the continuity of the character, and the evolution. MAN OF THE HOUSE- In 1950s television, the man of the house was king of his castle, but then he began losing control. Was it all an illusion to begin with? INDEPENDENT WOMAN- Far removed from the model housewife of yesterday, women today on TV care less about pleasing others and more about being true to themselves. THE MISFIT -Whether they are oddballs, losers or just plain weird, misfits have grown beyond comic stereotypes and are taking center stage with a vengeance, refusing to apologize for who they are. THE CRUSADER- Heroes today are complex. Their stories are told with increasing humanity, depicting characters who confront almost impossible choices as they fight evil in a world where the line between right and wrong is often blurred. The new Golden Age of television is now. In the expansive world of modern television, more groundbreaking shows are being created today than ever before. America in Primetime is structured around the most compelling shows on television, weaving between past and present and back again. The finest television today has as its foundation the best television of yesterday. At the heart of the series are more than a hundred in-depth interviews with the top talent in primetime - the creators, writers, actors who give life to characters we have come to know, love, and live with. The series presents an extraordinary opportunity to experience the creative process from the inside out. 
America in View|1951|Lasting for about two and a half years, this travel documentary enjoyed an on-and-off run at various positions in the ABC evening lineup. For Americans, it is possible to travel to an amazing variety of locations without ever leaving the country, and this travelogue presented viewers with a look at some of the more interesting or unusual places to go. Locations included, among many other locales, the natural wonders of Yellowstone and Hawaii, and the urban variety of New York and San Francisco. 
America or Busted|2004|Busted (James Bourne, Charlie Simpson and Matt Willis) have conquered the UK and now they're going over to the US of A to take on a whole new challenge. Watch them weekly trying to make it big in a whole different country, where nobody knows who they are. 
America the Wild|2013|A changing Everglades is putting pressure on its two most iconic predators: the American alligator and American crocodile. As crocodiles move north, their ranges are increasingly overlapping with gator territory. In this episode, Casey travels to the Florida Everglades to see which of these animals will reign supreme. 
America|1972|British native, but long-term American resident Alistair Cooke hosted this long-running documentary on the development of the United States. Starting through the colonial periods, through the revolutionary war and pioneer expansionist eras, into the global conflicts and economic domination of the twentieth century, and ending with the social upheavals and counter-culture revolutions of the 1960's and 70's. 
America's Best Kept Secrets|2013|Host Meg Caswell is searching every corner of the country to find the best-kept secrets in America. As a designer, she's always on the lookout for fresh new inspiration that will keep her designs cutting edge. She's hunting down the quirkiest shops, funkiest hotels, strangest homes, weirdest art, and most colorful characters to see what she can learn from them. She'll explore the Hudson River Valley in New York, the funky downtown scene of Austin, Texas, and the distinctly diverse neighborhoods of San Francisco in a wacky, fun-packed journey. Once a year Meg goes on a Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives-type adventure across the country where she scavenges in search of cool inventory for her Design Shoppe in Chicago. It's her way to stay one step ahead of the trends - and in the process she meets all sorts of local designers, vendors, artists and craftsmen. In the process she also discovers America's Best Kept Secrets. 
America's Black Forum|1977|Interracial relationships are discussed with authors McBride (The Color of Water) and Williams (Life on the Color Line: The True Story of a White Boy Who Discovered He Was Black). Stephanie Mills talks about her appearance in the stage revival of 'Your Arms Too Short To Box with God" at the Beacon Theater in New York City. 
America's Book of Secrets|2012|An atomic attack... cyber warfare... a deadly airborne virus... the list of doomsday scenarios facing the United States has shaken the American psyche. But what is the government doing to protect the nation from ultimate disaster? This episode takes an in-depth look at the impending threats facing our world today. With the Doomsday Clock set to 5 minutes before midnight, is the end of the world looming just around the corner? And could our lack of preparation force us to make the ultimate choice: who will live and who will die? Survivalist Tim Ralston talks about the threat of an Electromagnetic Pulse (EMP) and the devastating impact it could have on the entire world. Ronald Kessler describes the cyber command center and current state of cyber warfare. Bill Kristol discusses the continuity of government and secret bunkers that would be used in the event of a catastrophic attack. 
America's Castles|1994|Explore the beautiful homes of the Coal Barons as America's Castles takes you first to Victoria, British Columbia's magnificent Craigdarroch, built for Robert Dunsmuir. Linden Hall, in Pennsylvania, and its magnificent Tiffany glass windows follow, with a final trek to Rhode Island to marvel at the magnificent Blithewold with its enchanting gardens and views of Bristol Harbor. 
America's Court with Judge Ross|2010|When a sexy actress shows up to an audition meant for a much younger actress she later finds her head shot posted on a social media page where she is publicly mocked for daring to believe she had a place in the industry. In a fit of embarrassment this plaintiff holds the casting director responsible for her loss of work and demands union wages for the use of her photo. The defendant uses reason and comedy to win this case. 
America's Cutest|2009|From talking kitties and slumbering cats to hungry kittens and felines that just disappear, this show counts down the cutest clips in the web-o-sphere to crown one and only one, America's Cutest Cat. How many hours do cats sleep each day? How can cats fit into such tight, small spaces? Why are cats afraid of their own reflections? What is the most inexpensive cat toy out there today? Do cats imitate humans? Are cats and dogs mortal enemies or the best of friends? 
America's Declaration|2015|In a world run by monarchs, the United States announced an unprecedented democratic experiment whose success was far from guaranteed. What does it take to write a document like the Declaration of Independence in a time of challenging uncertainty? What can we learn from it 250 years later? 
America's Dumbest Criminals|1996|Video footage collected from police and security cameras demonstrating that most crimes are not perpetrated by evil geniuses. Highlights included crooks who use bags as masks but forget to cut holes for their eyes, burglars who have to call 911 after being trapped in the houses they were robbing, and thieves who try to make a fast getaway only to find they locked their keys in their cars. 
America's Funniest Home Videos|1989|"America's Funniest Home Videos" was inspired by a series of successful TV specials, where home viewers were invited to send in videotapes of their "funniest" moments. In "AFHV," host Saget provided commentary to the home videos which often showed wedding and sports bloopers, children and pets either being themselves or getting into trouble, furniture or other objects giving way (usually contributing to someone's fall) and "comical" reactions to getting inadvertently hit (usually in the groin). Sometimes, certain videos were grouped into themes, such as Christmas or a summer vacation, or had sentimental value to them, such as a marriage proposal; other times, videos were set to classic rock tunes. The top three videos of the week as selected by the producers were eligible for each week's $10,000 top prize; the audience would electronically vote for their one favorite video. Weekly winners got to compete in a later special for a $100,000 top prize. During the 80's, many shows featuring TV and movie 'out-takes' and celebrity goofs became extremely popular. This program took the next logical step by cashing in on the rising sales of home video cameras and inviting people to film their own embarrassing moments. Thousands of people sent in videos of themselves doing 'humorous' things, either accidentally or intentionally, in the hopes of winning prizes and getting to appear on national TV. 
America's Funniest Home Videos: Kids|2014|Videos in this episode include people being surprised such as the woman who finds a fake leg sticking out of her garbage disposal, a man being surprised by a dressed up dummy placed in his shower, and a little girl is swarmed by wiggling puppies. 
America's Funniest People|1990|As America's Funniest Home Videos gained in popularity, the producers found that many people were starting to stage their own situations, rather than depending on random chance to grant them a winning shot. This program was created to give these amateur film producers a chance to show off their creativity and perhaps win the $100,000 grand prize. 
America's Game: The Superbowl Champions|2006|This episodes chronicles the first team to win a Super Bowl, the 1966 Green Bay Packers, led by legendary head coach Vince Lombardi and quarterback Bart Starr. The Green Bay Packers were rated as the 6th greatest Super Bowl winning team by a Blue Ribbon panel of experts. 
America's Ghosts Flaunted|2016|America's Ghosts Flaunted satirizes the current crop of cable TV paranormal reality shows, most notably Ghost Hunters. We join an inept group of would-be nerdy paranormal investigators, led by an ambitious pizza delivery guy, in their quest to land their own reality TV ghost-hunting show. Yet unlike their successful counterparts, this group finds themselves literally begging people for access to their allegedly haunted houses, which more often than not simply earns slamming doors and calls to the police. In this pilot, the group investigates a house which is clearly not haunted, yet are convinced every creak and crack is clear evidence of the paranormal. 
America's Got Talent|2006|Variety acts of all types and contestants of all ages audition for the chance to win the $1 million prize; the Golden Buzzer is back and allows five lucky acts the chance to go directly to the live shows at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. 
America's Greatest Bands|1955|Running for just the summer season of 1955, this music program featured performances by some of the biggest names in jazz and big band music. Hosted by bandleader Paul Whiteman, the show featured such top musicians as Count Basie, Duke Ellington and Xavier Cugat, as well as Whiteman's own band. 
America's Greatest Otaku|2011|After filming in twenty different cities, meeting 17 different Otaku Contenders from all other the nation, countless Otaku places for fun Japanese culture, and eight weeks on the road, this is the last episode of America's Greatest Otaku where we reveal who among the Otaku Six receives the honor of being called "America's Greatest Otaku." The winner will also go on to a trip to a well-deserved trip to Japan. So, who will be the winner? Will it be Andre from San Antonio, TX who wants to show the world how great of a manga artist he is; will it be Diana from St. Louis, MO, whose ability to game and make cosplay costumes for under $20 made her one of the Otaku Six; perhaps Dom from Anchorage, AK who plans to get into the otaku business by becoming a comic convention planner; how about Meera from St. Charles, IL whose dream cosplay is the blue dress from Paradise Kiss; can it be Stephan from New York, NY who wants to open a world class restaurant; or will it be Sully from Seattle, WA, the Animation and Digital Arts major who wants to make new friends on the coolest road trip ever? 
America's Greatest Pets|1998|In the tradition of "America's Funniest Home Videos", this show presented tapes of pets and other animals doing entertaining and amazing things. Along with home videos of pets sent in by viewers, the show also took a look at some incredible zoo and working animals, with trainers and caretakers there to teach viewers how the animals lived and what they did. 
America's Health|1951|This late evening documentary series from ABC TV presented viewers with educational films on a variety of health- related subjects. Some of the important issues of the day included the growing rates of cancer and other diseases, and were typically produced with the assistance of various government agencies. 
America's It Girl|2014|America's It Girl is a two-cycle 12-episode competition show that inspires dynamic and determined young women to build a brand for themselves by creating a more beautiful self both inside and out. The dual competition takes place in New York City and in Los Angeles and will spread across country in its second season. Currently over 400 young women from both coasts are competing in pre-show competitions preparing to seek the title of "America's It Girl." During the course of the show, we root for these young women as they improve their looks, their health and fitness, and their career plans by experiencing the America's IT Girl competition phases. We watch their triumphs and disappointments as they navigate their way through the world of fashion competitions aiming to win over $100,000 in prizes for themselves and their charities, launch their modeling career, and bring out their own name brand of clothing and gear. The show premieres Sundays starting in Fall 2014 and runs through the New Year in 2015 when the final fashion competition determines America's IT Girl - a young woman with power, glamour, beauty and that special, indefinable quality 'IT' - we guarantee you'll know IT when you see it! America's It Girl - Fashion Show Page testing 
America's Most Badass|2015|In a nation forged by guts and glory, it takes true cojones to stand out from the crowd. Legendary figures Benjamin Franklin, Al Capone, Abraham Lincoln and Ernest Hemingway have earned their seat at the tough guy table for their no-nonsense attitudes. 
America's Most Smartest Model|2007|Bill Nye the Science Guy helps the ten remaining models present a science fair. Can they succeed in electrifying the judges or will it blow up in their faces? Nerds may be smart, but can the models turn their pale, hairy teammates into tanned gods for the camera? 
America's Most Talented Kid|2003|3 contestants from each of 3 age groups (4-7 years old, 8-12, 13-15) compete by showing off their talent and are judged by 3 judges, one of whom is Lance Bass and the other 2 who are celebrities and switch each week. The top child from each age division advances to the finals, which will be another competition of the same format after the first 3 episodes air. 
America's Most Wanted|1988|In this series, John Walsh, the father of a murdered child hosts this show that illustrates crime stories which have lead to the capture of hundreds of fugitives from the law. With as much luridness and accuracy as possible, various crimes are dramatically recreated with an appeal for any viewer with information as to the crime and the perpetrators to call the show and the authorities and help the cause of justice. 
America's Musical Theater|1985|Blitzstein's tale of greed and corruption in "Steeltown, U.S.A." centers on an attempt to organize a union. Semi-operatic, it is sung throughout. The first production, during the Great Depression, was produced by John Houseman and directed by Orson Welles. The United States Government demanded that the show be canceled. The resulting crisis and the triumph of the artists is dramatized in Tim Robbins' film "Cradle Will Rock". The present production, by the Acting Company,is directed and introduced by the same John Houseman. 
America's National Parks|2015|The Everglades have been called a river of grass. The National Park hosts an assortment of fascinating habitats, and is home to species such as alligators, the elusive Florida panther, and the delicate Key deer. Join us as we investigate these remarkable creature's lives, explore how they cope with threats from aggressive invasive species, and survive in the dynamic environment of the park. 
America's Next Great Restaurant|2011|Contestants vie for the opportunity to see their original restaurant concept be realized with the opening of a restaurant chain in three locations: Hollywood, Minneapolis and New York City. Funding the restaurant concepts are four accredited investors: chefs Bobby Flay, Lorena Garcia, and Curtis Stone, as well as Steve Ells, founder, chairman and co-CEO of Chipotle. Flay, Stone, Ells and Garcia also serve as mentors, working with the competitors to further develop their ideas. Each contestant's concept is put through rigorous business and cooking challenges to determine whether it has what it takes to become America's next great restaurant. 
America's Next Producer|2007|The final seven head to the studio to receive their next challenge. For the first time, the contestants will all work together. Their challenge is to produce two segments for a new children's show. One of the two segments must be a musical. The contestants have to pick a team leader. They all decided that Daniel will be their leader, so he divides the team in half. Zo, Schliz, and Gwen will work on the musical segment. Jessica, Evie, and Adam will work on the scripted segment. The next day, the remaining seven headed off to elimination. The musical segment was about making friends. The judges thought that they executed it. They liked the scene and how it led up to the song. They also liked the turtle's name Shellby and the lyrics to the song. The other segment was about protecting the environment and recycling. Daniel was asked if he got hired, and had a budget, to take six people but who would he not take. Daniel picked Gwen since she did not help him on the pitch. Schliz was asked the same question, and he picked Gwen as well. Gwen had to pick a person as well, and she chose Daniel. Zo picked Evie since he has had problems with her. Jessica picked Daniel. Unexpectedly, Evie picked Zo to go home. Adam refused to answer the question, but when he was forced to pick someone, he chose everyone to go instead of him to go home (that was his way to avoid the question). The contestants were then excused from the room, while the judges picked which one should go home. The seven remaining contestants were brought back into the room. Jessica was the winner, since it was her idea for the scripted segment and for the name she gave the turtle. Zo was saved for writing the song. Evie and Schliz were also saved. Daniel was saved, which left Gwen or Adam to be eliminated. Adam was eliminate since he could not deliver a answer right away. And because the judges could only see him as a writer and not a producer. 
America's Next Top Baseball Player|????|Four former major league baseball players scour the hills and countryside of Latin America in search of undiscovered raw talent that will be selected and trained before competing in a knock-out competition to see who will become America's Next Top Baseball Player. 
America's Next Top Model|2003|Three semi-finalists complete their CoverGirl commercial and ultimately, only two are left standing. The two finalists shoot their Seventeen magazine cover, then show the judges their fiercest moves when they, literally, crawl down the final runway. 
America's Next Weatherman|2015|Each classic reality show element -- from the physical challenges to the dramatic vote-offs -- will be tweaked through the Funny or Die prism as 12 competitors compete for a job as America's next great weathercaster, Matt Oberg hosts the competition, which will be judged by longtime weather personalities, Johnny Mountain and Jillian Barberie. 
America's Secret Slang|2013|In this episode we look at how entertainment from circuses and vaudeville to plays and movies, influenced the common words and phrases we say every day. How did bad actors give us the word "explode," rude actors give us the phrase "to upstage" someone, and superstitious actors give us "break a leg?" How did the circus give us words like "jumbo" and "Siamese twins," and the idea that politicians "jump on the bandwagon?" Why did vaudeville invent "deadpan" humor, "slapstick" comedy and "off color jokes?" And how did the movies give us expression like "cut to the chase" and "cliffhanger? 
America's Serial Killers: Portraits in Evil|2009|Wars have terrorized entire populations for thousands of years. The American West was home to ruthless killers who were idolized in fiction and folklore. Evil evolved to a hideous new form with the genocidal dictators of the 20th Century such as Hitler, Stalin and Mao Tse Tung who ordered the execution of tens of millions. But in the middle of the 20th Century a new and chilling phenomenon emerged in the post-war Western society: The Serial Killer! As if fashioned from our nightmares, they terrified and fascinated us. Lurking behind masks of bland normality, the serial killer often evaded capture for years, decades or eternity. These are America's Serial Killers! 
America's Supernanny|2011|Childcare expert Deborah Tillman takes on her largest family to date. With a whopping ten kids and two more due at any moment, Deborah must help Mom Nicole and Dad Sam break the cycle of bullying and violence that has developed in their home. Deborah has to stop the parents from spanking - and even from using a belt! 
America's Surveillance State|2014|This six part documentary series, America's Surveillance State, dissects the United States' present surveillance condition. The thesis statement of the series is that privacy as we understand it is an antiquated fantasy - that we need to adjust our way of living to factor in that someone, somewhere is very likely watching our every move for one reason or another. 
America's Test Kitchen|2000|Test cook Julia Collin Davison shows host Christopher Kimball how to make the ultimate dessert, Chocolate-Espresso Dacquoise. Chris then reveals the science behind egg whites. and finally, Chris answers viewer questions in Letters to the Editor. 
America's Top 10|1980|In this series, Casey Kasem lists the top music hits of the week in rock, soul, country songs and pop albums. In addition, videos of particular songs are featured. 
America's Town Meeting|1948|Long-running as a radio program, this debate show made its television debut in 1948. The format was fairly simple: prominent persons, including politicians, writers, scientists and other experts, would come and debate various issues of the day. Subjects frequently were controversial, challenging popular opinion on subjects like the supposed spread of Communism, or the country's involvement in overseas wars. 
America's War on Drugs|2017|"America's War on Drugs" is an immersive trip through the last five decades, uncovering how the CIA, obsessed with keeping America safe in the fight against communism, allied itself with the mafia and foreign drug traffickers. In exchange for support against foreign enemies, the groups were allowed to grow their drug trade in the United States. The series explores the unintended consequences of when gangsters, war lords, spies, outlaw entrepreneurs, street gangs and politicians vie for power and control of the global black market for narcotics - all told through the firsthand accounts of former CIA and DEA officers, major drug traffickers, gang members, noted experts and insiders. Night one of "America's War on Drugs" divulges covert Cold War operations that empowered a generation of drug traffickers and reveals the peculiar details of secret CIA LSD experiments which helped fuel the counter-culture movement, leading to President Nixon's crackdown and declaration of a war on drugs. The documentary series then delves into the rise of the cocaine cowboys, a secret island "cocaine base," the CIA's connection to the crack epidemic, the history of the cartels and their murderous tactics, the era of "Just Say No," the negative effect of NAFTA, and the unlikely career of an almost famous Midwest meth queen. The final chapter of the series examines how the attacks on September 11th intertwined the War on Drugs and the War on Terror, transforming Afghanistan into a narco-state teeming with corruption. It also explores how American intervention in Mexico helped give rise to El Chapo and the Super Cartels, bringing unprecedented levels of violence and sending even more drugs across America's borders. Five decades into the War on Drugs, a move to legalize marijuana gains momentum, mega-corporations have become richer and more powerful than any nation's drug cartel, and continuing to rise is the demand for heroin and other illegal drugs. 
America's Wild Spaces|2008|It's about the northwest archipelago, from Midway through to west-northwest of Kauai. Much of the area was set aside for federal protection in the early 2000s. The video follows a team of diving scientists as they inspect some of the aqueous fauna. We're told they identify several isolated populations of fish, molluscs, and other animals within this large area. Unlike the vastly-superior David Attenborough shows, this National Geographic one focuses primarily on the activities of the crew--rather than the subject matter itself. Much time is spent showing us *that* research is being done, leaving little time for the few discoveries mentioned. The video does not attempt an overview of the area; shots of corals and fish are incidental to following the team around. Shows large amounts of beached trash, floated from California. Shows monk seals and large turtles, dependent on these low atolls--which will soon be under water as Greenland ice melts. 
America's Worst Tattoos|2012|New series will feature some of the most awful, hilarious, grammatically-incorrect and just plain weird tattoos the country has ever seen. In each episode, a few lucky participants will be chosen to transform their interesting works of art into tattoo masterpieces. Working with famous artists like NY Ink's Megan Massacre, America's Worst Tattoos, will highlight the unfortunate tattoo's back story, the process of covering it up and the big reveal. 
America: Facts vs. Fiction|2013|Myths litter the stories of America's most infamous bad guys. Al Capone was a philanthropist as well as a hood; Benedict Arnold was a hero as well as a traitor, Jesse James was no wild west Robin Hood; and we've got Billy the Kid's nickname wrong. 
America: From the Ground Up!|2014|Join Dr. Monty Dobson on the expedition to uncover America's archaeological history. The series follows Monty as he explores archaeological sites along America's ever shifting frontier and uses these sites as touch points to tell America's story. From the first peoples who arrived during the last Ice Age to the archaeology of the Industrial Age, America from the Ground Up. is history like you've never seen it before. 
America: Promised Land|2017|Anchored by interviews with descendants of ancestors whose stories are featured throughout the event series and geographical imagery that showcases the history of how America was populated, "America: Promised Land" uncovers the great forces that set mankind in motion. 
America: The Story of Us|2010|A six-night miniseries presenting the history of how the United States was invented, looking at the moments where Americans harnessed technology to advance human progress -- from the rigors of linking the continent by transcontinental railroad to triumphing over vertical space through the construction of steel-structured buildings. The series also is a story of conflict, with Native American peoples, slavery, the Revolutionary War that birthed the nation, the Civil War that divided it, and the great world war that shaped its future. 
America: Wild & Wacky|2007|Start the ultimate American road trip with a cruise in a wild, psychedelic art-car in San Francisco, California. Then journey to a wacky culinary competition in Marlinton, West Virginia, where a heated roadkill cook-off is underway. Head north to gear up for an unusual race in Delaware, Ohio, where folks prepare for the annual Lawn Mower Race. Finally, set out for the shores of Delaware to the town of Millsboro, where residents blast pumpkins into the sky at the Punkin Chunkin' Festival. 
American Beauty Star|2017|American Beauty Star consists of 12 competitors from all facets of the beauty industry, battling head-to-head in a series of intense challenges, from creating high-end magazine editorial looks to the hippest and most current red carpet styles for a Hollywood premiere. In the end, only one will become the next American Beauty Star. 
American Builder|2004|Construction always begins with detailed blueprints, but it's rare when things go according to plan. That's the reality of building projects. And that's the fun and drama behind "American Builder." This reality-based home improvement show takes viewers onto the job site, into the dust and debris, and along side General Contractor Brian Gurry as he manages real commercial, residential and industrial projects. 
American Caesar|1983|Explores the life and actions of one of America's military legends. Part 1 follows MacArthur from his days as a forgotten hero soldiering in the Philippines on the eve of Pearl Harbor to the moment when he becomes the last shogun of the new Japan. Part 2 continues as MacArthur converts Japan from a semi-feudal society to a democracy by personally devising a model constitution and sweeping social reforms. Then sent to Korea, he skillfully retreats as China enters the Korean War. Blamed for the sudden reversal, he is relieved of his military duties by President 'Harry S. Truman' (qv) and comes home to a hero's welcome which peters out in the din of 1952 presidential politics and the overwhelming popularity of General 'Dwight D. Eisenhower' (qv). 
American Cagefighter|2011|American Cagefighter was a magazine-style mma show with a concentration on the mma scene in California & Nevada. Hosted by former UFC Star, Nate "Rock" Quarry and Ms. RaRa, the show was produced by Final Cut Media, Inc & aired in California on Comcast Sportsnet California. 
American Car Prospector|2013|John Hames,the American Car Prospector, travels around America searching for for "Gold on Wheels", those Iconic automobiles of the past that have become the basis of the American Car Culture finding and buying desirable vintage cars in need of restoration and talks to their present owners, collectors and others who are vintage car aficionados about America's love of The Car. 
American Caravan|2013|In American Caravan, six young Americans journey across the Middle East in the footsteps of Revolution. The narrative is driven by the cast's quest to meet and be inspired by the Arab youth who started it all. But almost immediately, the cast's fearlessness is at odds with the Producers' conservative "safe" plans for them; and what starts out as an exercise in public diplomacy and reality television quickly turns in to a headlong collision with the Arab Spring and a one-of-a-kind story of American and Arab youth as they travel to Tunisia, Egypt, Lebanon, Oman and the United Arab Emirates. For everyone, it becomes a life changing experience with high drama, danger, adventure, conflict, joy, sadness, music and love. 
American Casino|2004|This Dicovery Channel show is centered at Green Valley Ranch Casino, a four-diamond resort destination located just minutes away but a world apart from the hustle and bustle of the Las Vegas Strip offering the luxury amenities celebrities demand. 
American Chopper: Senior vs. Junior|2010|Senior and Junior begin brainstorming on their production bike company but when they don't see eye-to-eye the road is rocky from the get-go, leading Senior to jump the gun on the bike's design. PJD starts an unusual build for Cre8Play, a company based out of Minneapolis that designs and builds custom themed playgrounds. They agree to collaborate on an interactive PJD-themed playground that's based on their three most popular bikes (Anti-Venom, Black Widow and the Build-off P-51 Mustang bike). Meanwhile, OCC struggles to complete the Super Bike leading to more days of fabrication. 
American Chopper: The Series|2003|Documentary series about the goings-on behind the scenes at Orange County Choppers, a custom motorcycle fabrication company located in Montgomery, New York. The series is also a study of the interplay between the Teutels, Paul Sr. and Jr., and the stress that both experience when creating motorcycles as works of art. 
American Chronicles|1990|A three-month series of documentaries, hosted by actor Richard Dreyfuss, look at some of the more unusual aspects of American society. Considering that the director is David Lynch, the aspects chosen are some of the much more unusual ones. Subjects chosen for the Lynch treatment include Mardi Gras in New Orleans, and the gruelling weeks of training at a US Marine boot camp. 
American Colony: Meet the Hutterites|2012|Toby has to work around the clock caring for the new-born calves and he needs some help, but Clinton is not ready to take any responsibility even with the colony's financial situation at stake, while Claudia is crushed after Bertha chooses to spend time w [sic]. 
American Coyote|????|Samuel desperate to have his family to join him in America, discovers a secret passage through Texas, and brings his family over. Hearing his success. Samuel is asked to by a friend to bring a fiend over using his secret passage. Now, Samuel is forced to work for the Mexican mafia smuggling contraband over the border. 
American Crime Story|2016|The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story is a limited series that takes you inside the O.J. Simpson trial with a riveting look at the legal teams battling to convict or acquit the football legend of double homicide. Based on the book The Run of His Life: The People v. O.J. Simpson by Jeffrey Toobin, it explores the chaotic behind-the-scenes dealings and maneuvering on both sides of the court, and how a combination of prosecution overconfidence, defense shrewdness, and the LAPD's history with the city's African-American community gave a jury what it needed: reasonable doubt. There are few truly unifying events in American life. When something happens that makes the entire country stop and take notice, we remember it forever. Everybody remembers where they were when O.J. Simpson, riding in a white Bronco, led the police on a low-speed chase all over Los Angeles. This marked the emergence of the 24-hour news cycle and the birth of reality television. Told from the perspective of the lawyers, it explores the chaotic dealings behind closed doors and how prosecution overconfidence, defense shrewdness and shocking courtroom twists led to one of the most earth-shattering verdicts of all time. 
American Crime|2015|When a young couple -- war veteran Matt and his wife, Gwen Skokie -- are attacked in their Modesto, Calif., home, Matt dies and Gwen is left unconscious, barely clinging to life. As news of the brutal crime makes its way through the media, both sets of parents sit vigil by Gwen's bed, hoping for a miracle to keep her with them. The police investigation begins to close in on four suspects in the case, and shock waves radiate through the community, stirring up tensions along ethnic and racial lines. 
American Dad!|2005|Stan Smith, who works for the CIA and is constantly on the alert for terrorist activity, will go to extremes to protect his beloved America from harm; as evidenced by the terror-alert color code on his fridge, and his frequent knee-jerk reaction of shooting holes in the toaster whenever the toast pops up. In addition to Stan's wife and teenage children, the Smith household has two rather unconventional members. There's Roger, the sarcastic space alien who rescued Stan from Area 51 who deeply resents the fact that he's not allowed to leave the house, and therefore, has been reduced to drinking wine and smoking cigarettes, and Klaus, a lascivious, German-speaking goldfish; the result of a CIA experiment gone seriously wrong where the CIA tried to give a fish a German man's brain. Stan's son is a dorky teenager who tries to be cool. His wife has had a past life of sex and drugs. The misadventures of Stan Smith and his wacky family. Stan: Stan works for the CIA, and is constantly on the look-out for terrorists. He loves his family and will do anything to protect them, and his country. Francine: Stan's wife, she has had a past life of drugs, but has carefully hidden her party-girl personality for the sake of the conservative man she loves. She met Stan after college. Hayley: The teenage daughter of the family, currently attending community college. Despite her father's best efforts, she has turned out to be a left-wing liberal. Stan loves his daughter, but that doesn't necessarily mean he trusts her. Steve: The dorky son, he tries to act cool, but fails. Steve is on the verge of puberty - but he just can't quite make it. His low social status sometimes leads him to taking drastic action - but no matter what he does, he's still just a dork. Roger: A sarcastic alien rescued by Stan from Area 51, he resents not being allowed to leave the house, so he's resorted to drinking wine and smoking cigarettes. And Klaus: A German-talking goldfish, he was a CIA experiment that went horribly wrong when they tried transplanting a German man's brain into a goldfish. Klaus lusts after Francine, and will take any opportunity that comes his way. 
American Daredevils|2013|It's the beginning of the daredevil stunt season and Mr. Dizzy, Dr. Danger, and Spanky and Bryan Spangler are all champing at the bit to get their first stunts of the year under their belts. For Spanky an epic wreck during his car jump (and the subsequent doctor's order to give it a rest) calls not only Spanky's plans for his second stunt--a highfall from Butte's highest building--into question, but also causes him to question his livelihood as a daredevil. Concerned for his father's safety, Bryan encourages Spanky to allow him to perform the highfall in his place. Down in Texarkana Texas, Dr. Danger kicks off his season with a fire run, and then motors out to his next performance; a domino car crash in Killeen. Up in Twin Falls Idaho, Mr. Dizzy is trekking to the cursed Magic Valley speedway. The last four daredevils to perform here have met with concussions, busted bones, and near death crashes; including Dizzy who suffered a concussion here last year. 
American DeTour|2012|What do you do with two fed up Hollywood hopefuls in search of inspiration? You pack 'em up and ship 'em out to someone who knows adventure! Travis Boley has spent his life teaching and working to preserve American history. Traveling the back roads of this country for the last decade, he's seen some crazy things, and now he's taking them along for the ride! Join the Team as we journey to some of the craziest festivals and quirkiest events in the most out-of-the-way places. We'll go off the beaten path to explore strange attractions and local history, cut loose and wreak havoc, and make all kinds of new friends! 
American Detective|1991|Another installment in the long series of 'reality' programs that appeared on all of the networks during the '90s. While "Cops" followed officers as they went on their patrols and occasionally went undercover, this show the detectives as investigated the more serious cases. The program also looked at their personal lives, examining the stresses that this kind of work can have on a detective's family. 
American Diner Revival|2015|Help arrives for the "Red Hots Coney Island" diner in Highland Park, Michigan, which has been in the owner's family for 94 years, but is showing its age with crumbling floors and a disastrous kitchen. Also: Amanda addresses a need for desserts on the menu. 
American Doers|2016|American Doers puts the spotlight on everyday Americans who work their butts off to achieve their American Dream. From dawn until dusk Doers don't just fantasize about the future, they actively pursue their aspirations. Life isn't just about money and fame, it's about drive and the courage to strive for something more. In American Doers, host James Marshall will meet Doers from across the country whose tenacity and vivacious spirit are awe-inspiring. These Doers prove that nothing worth having comes easy, but that through hard work and a little bit of grit, anything is possible. During each episode, James will dive head first into our Doers' lives to uncover the chaos and passion behind the process. Through James' lens, we will enliven the raw, inspiring and authentic stories of real everyday Americans. While each episode stands alone, the culmination of each story's powerful message is the heart of this series. American Doers is the antidote to the negative content corroding the American psyche. The series positive and uplifting message will provide viewers with a breath of fresh air - and a reminder that there's majesty and beauty in the small everyday grind. 
American Dragon: Jake Long|2005|From Jeff Goode, the creator of the hit Mtv Undressed, unveils the funny, fantastic action-packed adventures Disney's American Dragon: Jake Long. It's a coming of action/comedy about an Asian-American boy trying to find balance in his life as a skateboard New York City teen who is also entrusted with the mystical powers of the American Dragon, guardian of all magical creatures that secretly live amidst the human world. The series is produced by Walt Disney Television Animation. "It's a great comedy/action show that I think you and all the other Disney animation fans are really going to love. And it's a bit different than anything Disney has done before. They're 22-minute stories, which is a different storytelling format for us." - Jeff Goode 
American Dragster|2006|Episode One The NHRA POWERade Series goes to Vegas. The action and the pressure heat up as the season comes to a close. Highlights See what goes on behind the scenes as Tony Schumacher wins Top Fuel, and Ron Capps fights for the #1 spot in Funny Car. 
American Dream Builders|2014|After nine weeks and 19 renovations, the final two designers meet their final challenge. In their biggest renovation to date, they must transform two dream beach homes in Ventura, Calif. Luckily, they won't have to go at it alone. They are reunited with a few surprise guests to help them. One designer will win the grand prize of $250,000 and be crowned as the first American Dream Builder. Nate Berkus hosts while Eddie George and Monica Pedersen serve as judges. 
American Dream|1981|The Novak family has decided to buck the trend in urban flight and move back to the city from the suburbs. The only place that meets their space and price requirements, however, is a building in downtown Chicago that would best be described as a "fixer-upper". Undaunted, the Novaks move in a try to make the best of things. Some of the family, particularly the young kids, adapt, while some, most notably their teenage daughter, don't. 
American Dreamer|1990|Following the death of his wife, a world-travelling reporter decides to leave the hustle and bustle of the big city behind, packs up his kids and moves to a quiet little town in Wisconsin, where he takes a job as a columnist in the local paper. His kids don't adjust so well to the move, and his former boss is constantly showing up to try and talk him into coming back, but as he begins to get into the swing of things, he grows accustomed to his new home. 
American Dreams|2002|Set to the soundtrack of the '60s, a Philadelphia family moves toward the cultural upheaval in the years ahead. The Pryors' teen daughter Meg tries to shed her "good girl" image by hanging with her worldly friend Roxanne and pursuing a dream of being an "American Bandstand" dancer. Meg's emerging personality, and the changes her mother's going through, don't sit well with Meg's father From the thrill of dancing to the new Ronettes song to the life-changing assassination of a beloved President, American Dreams follows one family's journey through the joys and pains of America in the '60s and early '70s. At the epicenter of these earth-shattering times is Meg Pryor, a style-conscious 15-year-old whose life revolves around the popular dance show, American Bandstand. While Meg's younger brother and sister are concerned with simple pursuits, her older brother, JJ, is fighting to follow his dreams instead of his father's. And unbeknownst to the kids, their parents are struggling to define their own evolving relationship as partners, parents and people. Meanwhile, the world swirls around them - a vibrant combination of rock and roll, equal rights and soon, war. How will the changing times change this American family? In this comedy-family-drama about the early 1960's, the Pryor family deals with racism, feminism, adolescence, rock and roll, and general family issues. The daughter, Meg Pryor, dances on the show of the era American Bandstand while learning about love thanks to her less mainstream boyfriend, Luke, and about acceptance with her interracial friendship with her father's employee's son Sam. Patty Pryor, the youngest daughter learns how to grow up in a time of political and social turmoil along with her disabled younger brother Will. The oldest son JJ learns about love with his tumultuous relationship with his wealthy girlfriend Beth. All this time a war rages on in Vietnam and a family struggles to stay together in this controversial era. 
American Dynasty|????|Author Evelyn Han was America's favorite Chinese tiger mom. Her readers savored her charming memoirs, putting her four children in front of a national audience. Unfortunately for her children, The Hans: An American Dynasty wasn't a series of memoirs, but works of fiction. Christopher, Vivian, Rachel, and Jacob Han grew up walking a fine line between their mother's fiction and their reality. The world is stunned when Evelyn commits suicide, and the siblings must now clarify their identities. Will the Hans continue to live up to Evelyn's expectations, or will they take their own path? 
American Elements|2015|The story that you thought you knew... Taya Kyle has been through hell and back. After losing her husband Chris Kyle and balancing her life as a mother, Taya has a new mission based on hope and redemption through the Chris Kyle Frog Foundation. 
American Entrepreneur|2005|American Entrepreneur is a business TV show that gives its audience a glimpse into the lives of prominent business leaders and their stories of corporate success. In a 30-minute television interview, serial entrepreneur Michael A. Vadini uncovers the accomplishments, hardships and lessons learned from the founders, CEOs, and Presidents of some of America's most tenacious companies. Season one focuses on a diverse group of entrepreneurs including a number of women and minority business owners and a broad spectrum of industries. 
American Epic|2015|At the height of the Roaring Twenties, music scouts armed with cutting-edge recording technology set out across America to capture the unknown voices of everyday folk. The recordings they made captured the country's diversity - artistically ethnically, geographically, economically. As told by music pioneers, their families and eyewitnesses, we travel back in time to the "Big Bang" of modern popular music with the Carter Family, Will Shade and the Memphis Jug Band - to the first time America heard itself. Everyday Americans heard their own music for the first time, pure and unadulterated - a democratic revolution that would reverberate around the world. 
American Exotic|2015|Set against the backdrop of a heated national debate, American Exotic tackles one of the most talked about issues today - exotic pets. Hosted by Tim Harrison and directed by Michael Webber, two of the nation's leading experts in dangerous exotic animals, this in-depth series takes viewers on a fascinating journey deep into the heart of this rarely seen or understood American subculture. 
American Experience|1988|"American Experience" combines dramatic re-enactments with commentary by historians and authors to present an absorbing look at the personalities, events and resources that have had a profound impact on the shaping of America's past and present. 
American Family|2002|The head of the household, Jess Gonzalez, is your average father who is forced to fight everyday troubles, following the death of his loving wife Berta. Their beloved daughter, Nina, has recently graduated from law school and decides to work for Legal Services on behalf of immigrant rights, even though Jess does not agree with her decision. The rest of the Gonzalez family just try to go with the flow, but they find their own problems down the road. 
American Farmer: GMO or NO?|2014|American Farmer is a breakthrough program on a mission to showcase the latest advancements in agriculture and farming. From seed to harvest, livestock and more, our producers have traveled the country covering the people, places and issues impacting all areas of farm country. 
American Farmer: Soil Fertility|2014|American Farmer is a breakthrough program on a mission to showcase the latest advancements in agriculture and farming. From seed to harvest, livestock and more, our producers have traveled the country covering the people, places and issues impacting all areas of farm country. 
American Farmer: Tools of the Trade|2013|American Farmer is a breakthrough program on a mission to showcase the latest advancements in agriculture and farming. From seed to harvest, livestock and more, our producers have traveled the country covering the people, places and issues impacting all areas of farm country. 
American Forum of the Air|1950|Started as a radio discussion show all the way back in 1928, this program, moderated by radio veteran Theodore Granik, looked at a different issue each week, typically by bringing together two knowledgable guests from opposing sides of the issue to debate their opinions in front of a live studio audience. 
American Gangster|2006|Mutulu Shakur, Tupac Shakur's step-father and the father of rapper Mopreme, has spent the past quarter century in federal prison, thanks in part to his conviction for helping to plan and execute the $1.6 million robbery of a Brinks armored truck in New York in 1982 that left three people dead. 
American Genius|2015|The world has not seen electricity so far. In 19th century, Thomas A. Edison is the world's most renowned inventor (& patent holder) and comes up with a way to distribute electricity to the world through DC. Along comes Nikola Tesla who is a sharp, meticulous inventor himself - He's always felt that DC power distribution is inefficient but doesn't yet know if there's any other way. Tesla joins Edison when he accepts and provides an effective solution to a problem that has been troubling Edison. But Tesla still believes there's a better way than Edison's DC power distribution. Finally, when Edison doesn't provide the compensation he'd promised Tesla - even though Tesla successfully completes Edison's task, it's time to part ways. Tesla now begins his journey to bring AC power distribution to this world, which he feels is far more superior. Edison initially dismisses AC as a dangerous concept. To help fight against Edison's enormous funds, Tesla demos his technology to investors and makes a good impression. The documentary then shows how they both struggle to one-up each other, the struggles of each and the ultimate outcome in this war for power distribution. 
American Gladiators|1989|A seasonal competition in which two men and two women compete against each other and a roster of "American Gladiators". Events include, The Assault, Joust, The Wall, Breakthrough and Conquer, Hang Tough, Powerball, and many others, all culminating in the final event, "The Eliminator", a difficult obstacle course race. Every season there is a tournament to determine its "Grand Champion". For two seasons, there was an "International" competition taped in England where the champions from 4-6 countries competed similarly. 
American Gods|2017|Shadow is a man with a past. But now he wants nothing more than to live a quiet life with his wife and stay out of trouble. Until he learns that she's been killed in a terrible accident. Flying home for the funeral, as a violent storm rocks the plane, he is greeted by a strange man in the seat next to him. The man calls himself Mr. Wednesday, and he knows more about Shadow than is possible. He warns Shadow that a far bigger storm is coming. And from that moment on, nothing will ever be the same. Shadow, an inmate to be released is informed that is wife has been involved in an accident and was killed, also learning that she was involved in an affair with his best-friend. On his way home, he's offered a job by a stranger on the plane. 
American Gothic|1995|The show is set in the town of Trinity, South Carolina. Lucas Buck, the local sheriff, has supernatural powers. He uses these powers to manipulate people into making evil choices. Lucas himself has already committed crimes such as murder and rape. A young boy, Caleb Temple, has seen the deaths of his mother and father (both suicides) and older sister (murdered). Caleb does not know that he is the biological son of Lucas Buck. The sheriff plans to corrupt his son, but faces obstacles. Caleb's new legal guardian is his adult cousin Gail Emory, a reporter. Gail also investigates the mysterious deaths of her own parents. Caleb is helped by the ghost of his sister, Merlyn Temple. 
American Greed Diagnosis: Blood Money|2016|Dr. Farid Fata purposely misdiagnosed his patients so he could order more expensive treatments and invasive tests without concern for their health. After collecting millions of dollars from fraudulent claims to Medicare and private insurance companies, Dr. Fata was finally caught when his office manager George Karadsheh uncovered his crimes and decided to become a whistleblower. 
American Greed|2007|To the Houston community, J. David Salinas is a successful financial advisor, but when a loyal lieutenant betrays him, Salinas' world crumbles under the weight of a $39 million scam. And Eric "Chicago Blaxican" Jaglicic is a wannabe Chicago- area rapper with big dreams. But when his music ambitions stall, Jaglicic convinces a local businessman that he's got a new gig to collect $1.2 million from investors lured by promises of huge returns. 
American Greed, the Fugitives|2012|Aubrey Lee Price is a financial advisor who sponsors missionary work in Central and South America. But his real mission is wasting away forty-million dollars of his investors' money. He leaves a trail of clues for authorities to believe he met his end in a watery grave, but was his suicide story just a ruse to keep them off his trail? 
American Grit|2016|American Grit is a physical, military-based reality competition, hosted by wrestling superstar John Cena. 16 American contestants are divided into four teams of four, which are all lead by four separate American military service people. The four team leaders/coaches consist of an Army Ranger sniper, a Navy Seal team leader, a Marine Corps sergeant, and an Army sergeant - all of whom have seen combat, and all of whom are highly decorated. The contestants will have to fight through challenge after challenge, all of which are modeled after real military training platforms, while dealing with the elements of the wilderness - not to mention each other. At the end of each episode, the team leaders of the 3 losing teams will pick a contestant from their team to run the dreaded Circus obstacle course. The obstacle course stays the same throughout the competition, but the "endurance challenge" at the end of the Circus changes from week to week. A contestant cannot be voted or kicked out of this competition. The only way out of this competition is to quit. At the end of the Circus obstacle course three contestants are locked in battle in a tough endurance test. The first contestant to step out (or fall out) of the endurance test must then "ring out" of the competition. (Much in the way that Navy SEALs do during training.) The final team of four to make it to the end of the competition will split a prize of up to $1 million, giving each of the final four contestants a chance to walk away with $250,000. 
American Guns|2011|The Gunsmoke crew, led once again by Scott, builds a massive avalanche-triggering gun with two interchanagable barrels for a 50 calibre and a 20mm bullet. A female shooter orders an AR-10 with a grenade launcher to take back to her women's pistol league. 
American Harvest|2015|In Season 2, 'American Harvest: Next Generation,' the series follows a group of young farmers as they face down the challenges of keeping their farms and careers alive and thriving. While the younger generation of farmers understands the possibilities, their experience is still catching up. They must find a way into an agricultural world that is far different than the one in which their parents grew up. 
American Haunting|2013|"American Haunting" takes a unique look inside the terrifying lives of families encountering paranormal phenomena within their own homes, witnessing first-hand the frightening incidents they experience daily. Surveillance cameras set up throughout the houses capture every moment of the eerie activity that transpires and document the damaging toll it takes on the families' lives. As they attempt to regain control of their homes, the families call on psychics, demonologists, paranormal investigators and exorcists to help them fight back against the malevolent spirits. 
American Health Journal|1988|The American Health Journal is an award-winning 30-minute health care television series which has aired continuously for over 25 years. Now featured on PBS, each 30-minute episode features five 4 1/2 minute segments and a diverse range of health care professionals discussing the fullest spectrum of medical topics. With a vast library of nearly 600 shows, American Health Journal has consistently provided and continues to provide its dedicated audience with groundbreaking information on treatments, technologies and new discoveries. The series has interviewed over 6,000 physicians, visiting over 100 hospital systems in the process. Shows are shot on location, showcasing real health experts, from family practitioners to Nobel Laureates, in their own real work environment. 
American Heart|2008|A zombie outbreak takes a small southern town by surprise. In the wake of destruction, a motley crew of survivors finds shelter in the local hospital. Led by the town's naive sheriff, a ditzy talk show host, a washed up actor, and two attractive teens must learn to live together and come out alive. But between bickering over dinner, surfing the Internet, and having sex with each other, can the gang find time to fight off the undead? 
American Heiress|2007|Wealthy debutante Elizabeth Wakefield definitely feels a spark when she meets Capt. JD Bruce, but their plane crashes in Guatemala, leaving them struggling to survive. The two begin to fall in love as JD shields Elizabeth from jungle dangers. The real danger, however, may be waiting back home, where her ruthless brother, Damian, is plotting to seize control of the family empire from their father, Lionel. 
American Heroes for Hire|2011|American Heroes for Hire showcases a select group of young veterans to assist them with finding employment after returning home. Today's war veterans face many obstacles when applying for a job, and American Heroes for Hire highlights their abilities, sacrifices and stories. Hosted by Craig Morgan and Sheilah Griggs, the segments aired twice a day in 2011 on The Country Network. 
American Heroes|1997|The purpose of the shoot was to create a pilot episode for a show concept profiling the lives and actions of Americans working for aid organizations around the world. Serling and Seeman set an initial goal to profile American Red Cross volunteer Diane Paul, based out of Zagreb, Croatia. During the shoot they met and included footage of Toby Wolf of the International Organization for Migration and Sonya Thompson, a representative of the US military whose job was to coordinate daily medivac... three real American Heroes:. people who have dedicated themselves to selflessly relieving the suffering of others. 
American Heroine|2011|A heroin-addicted couple struggling with a work habit. Leslie, early 40's, has an optimistic outlook and friendly demeanor-- for a man ravaged by drugs. He holds a steady job making baby seats for Prius and is admired by his younger co-workers for what they think is a "righteous commitment to the drink". June, late 30's, pale, haggard, has a relatively important job as an aquatic chemist. She looks like all of the other unkempt scientists at the lab so her appearance is a non-issue. She loves Leslie but can never remember what he does for a living or that they are married. They live in the trailer parked in front of their beautiful home, which is permanently under construction. 
American Hoggers|2011|Follows legendary hog hunter Jerry Campbell, 64, his level-headed son, Robert, 28, and firecracker daughter, Krystal, 23, as they respond to those threatened by feral hogs. Located in the heart of Texas, the family dedicates itself to the front lines - riding horseback, driving a custom-rigged Jeep, using highly trained dogs with GPS tracking systems and employing good old-fashioned know-how to help those endangered by these destructive beasts. Clad in chaps and cowboy boots, the family sets out in each episode to square off against these extremely intelligent animals that are terrorizing helpless landowners. 
American Horror Story FreakShow: Extra-Ordinary-Artists|2014|Behind the scenes with the ''Freaks'' of American Horror Story as they tell their life stories, what they have gone through, and how it has impacted them. It's an inspiration documentary series for fans and for people who don't watch the show. 
American Horror Story|2011|Both physical and psychological horrors affect a decomposing family, workers and residents of an insane asylum, a coven of witches, a cast of circus freaks, the employees and guests at a struggling hotel, a family who moved into a mysterious farmhouse, and the members of a small suburb in Michigan in this haunting anthology series, focusing on the themes of infidelity, sanity, oppression, discrimination, addiction, and exploitation. American Horror Story is a horror series in which every season tells a different story. The first season is about a haunted house, and the family that has moved into it. The second season centres around an insane asylum and a man who is wrongly accused of murdering several women, including his wife. The third season tells the story of a coven of witches trying to figure out who their new "supreme" is. The fourth season is about a "Freak Show" and the lives of its performers. The fifth season is about the employees and guests at the Hotel Cortez, a building made as a secret torture chamber in the 1920s. The sixth season is about a farmhouse near Roanoke, North Carolina that is besieged by the ghosts of the infamous lost colonists and other strange happenings. 
American Hot Rod|2004|Boyd Coddington and his crew resurrect a classic '56 Chevy. Rescued from a rust bucket grave yard, but turning this Junkyard Dog into a high end Hot Rod, pushes tensions to breaking point and puts the Coddington crew's mettle to the test. The talents and the tempers, the drama and the drive. 
American Housewife|2016|When Anna-Kat draws a super plus-sized portrait of Katie for the school art show, Katie sets out to retrieve it. Meanwhile, with Katie away, Doris is left in charge of Oliver and Taylor, and is determined to whip them into shape with her Tiger Mom skills. 
American Idol: The Search for a Superstar|2002|Twelve finalists and/or future singers (six men and six women) who were selected from America, compete in a talent contest in which they were asked to sing any song they like on this "Star Search" clone. After each song that was sung, the judges, Abdul, Jackson and Cowell, then critique that finalist's chosen song. After each show's ending, America must vote for a finalist to whom they really think their performance is good using this AT&T (now Cingular Wireless) or any other cellular phone to cast votes with. Once the votes are locked in, the judges and America decides who has the most and the least amount of votes, and the contestant with the least amount of votes is eliminated, and it goes on each week's show until the winner is crowned as "American Idol," where he/she wins a recording contract worth up to $1,000,000. The rest of the other finalists to whom they have been voted off before (the runner-up) also get recording contracts, too. 
American Inventory|1951|Made with the intention of being an on-air "adult education" course, each epsiode of this program was an in-depth look at some aspect of American and world culture. Some of the featured subjects included documentaries, dramas of classic literature pieces, stage preformances and panel discussions. Later in the series, the focus was shifted toward showing the work of various professions that supposedly made the world a better place. 
American Journal|1993|Hosted by evening tabloid veteran Nancy Glass, this show was not especially different from others in its genre. Typical subjects reported included celebrity scandals, updates on someof the more sensational crimes occurring around the country, and dire warnings about various new hazards that would supposedly endanger us all. 
American Jungle|2013|With the Big Island suffering the worst drought in decades, the clans head north to the Waipio Valley where the animals are more plentiful. Also known as the "Valley of the Kings" because of its royal history, this sacred land is respected and protected. 
American Juniors|2003|The creators of "American Idol" brings a new Reality-TV series called "American Juniors", which also hosted by Ryan Seacrest. Instead of teenagers and young adults auditioning for a spot, it's up to kids, between the ages of 5-13 to perform. And instead of a solo career, five kids will join in a pop group. Throuhout the season, Gladys Knight and Debbie Gibson are judges while there is a guest judge. Also, Knight would fill in as host when Seacrest is absent. 
American Justice|1992|Host Bill Kurtis sits down for an interview with Marty Tankleff just prior to his release from prison after serving 17 years for murdering his parents in 1988. Tankleff, who was 17 years old at the time of the murders was wrongly convicted of the crime in 1990. American Justice profiles the trial in which prosecutors had based their case against Tankleff because of a partial confession that he later tried to recant. 
American Justice: Target - Mafia|1993|American Justice chronicles the history of the American Mafia. The Mafia is profiled from it's origin on the island of Sicily to those same Sicilian's immigrating to New Orleans, and from there the Mafia's move to Chicago and it's infamous leader Alphonse Capone. 
American Kirare-Yaku|2016|This week, Mike puts on his "effects designer" hat and gets dirty with blood. With a low budget and big ideas, he's got some work to do to find the perfect effect for a new Vampire film in time for Halloween--and someone's got to be the test dummy. 
American Koko|2017|Akosua Millard, codenamed "Koko," investigates and solves sticky racial situations in a post post-racial America as a member of the E.A.R. Agency (Everybody's A little bit Racist). As she and her team of specialists tackle cases, she herself is trying to reconcile the trauma of her past that has led to outbursts of her Angry Black Woman syndrome. It gets in the way of her work...and more importantly, her dating life as her latest boyfriend may be the downfall to her and the agency. 
American Latino TV|2004|Award winning American Latino TV kicks off an unprecedented 15th season as the established hub for celebrating English language American Latino culture in the US. The nationally syndicated weekly magazine show hosted by Miss California Natasha Martinez presents an entertaining look at the impact of Latino Culture through stories as told by extraordinary artists, actors, athletes, musicians, social activists, fashionistas, and much more. 
American Lawmen|2016|As New York City's first Italian-American detective, Joe Petrosino is determined to do whatever it takes to protect his people. And with the Mafia's ruthless stranglehold on the community, they desperately need his help. Using cutting-edge crime-fighting techniques, Petrosino and his undercover Italian squad are fearless pioneers in the fight against organized crime. But the harder they go after the mob, the more these intimidating thugs go on the offensive. 
American Loggers|2009|The next generation of Pelletiers step up to the plate as the future of the business lies in their hands. The mills demand more wood and everyone hustles to deliver while Jeff and Rudy are tested by a rookie driver's reckless driving and bad attitude. 
American MC|2017|The crew hits the road with their two, new guest celebrity riders, Brian Bosworth and Gary Busey. It quickly become clear that Gary is not the strongest of motorcycle riders and everyone is scared for his life. The miles are adding up and they're causing bikes and friendships to break down. Riding through Cottonwood, the group is pulled over by the cops - and Gary Busey is handcuffed. Is he headed off to the big house? 
American Masters|1985|Since its premiere in 1986, this Emmy-winning documentary series has presented hundreds of hours comprising profiles of outstanding American cultural artists. Past subjects have included 'Charles Chaplin' (qv), 'Helen Hayes (I)' (qv), pop icon 'Andy Warhol' (qv), singer 'Billie Holiday (I)' (qv) and composer-conductor 'Leonard Bernstein' (qv). 
American Minstrels of 1949|1949|A prime example of days when television was seen more as an extansion of the live stage, the program was essentially a vaudeville show performed in front of the cameras. Among the various musical and comedy numbers were such regulars as Pick and Pat, a pair of comics performing in blackface, Mary Small and Jimmy Burrell, who would sing current popular songs. 
American Monster|2016|The Snyders are thrilled when their 34-year-old son Mike finally starts a family with his sweetheart - as seen in these home videos. But after being diagnosed with a terrible illness, Mike vanishes. Only years later does his horrific fate comes to light. 
American Morning|2002|U.S. Pushes For Vote on Second Resolution on Iraq. As the U.S. pushes for a vote on a second resolution on Iraq, France is heavily lobbying against it, attempting to persuade other Council members to oppose military action. And today French President Jacques Chirac plans to go on television to address his country about the crisis. And, at a secret air base near Iraq, U.S. troops are arriving faster than the tents to house them are going up. Our Alex Quade (ph) now takes a look at what it's like for these soldiers hastily putting up housing and living in very close quarters. 
American Motor Stories|2015|American Motor Stories is all about speed, power and automotive beauty. Get up close and personal with dragsters, muscle cars, hot rods and custom builds. Meet the people and hear their own stories. Legendary motor personalities, museum curators and young up-and-coming enthusiasts. If you love the American motor culture, this show is for you. 
American Muscle Car|1998|The American Muscle Car series relives that incredible time when Detroit produced the most outrageous cars ever to hit the street. From the car that started it all, the 1964 Pontiac GTO, experience the glory days of power and speed through the stories of those who lived and breathed it. 
American Music Shop|1990|This music show featured a different country artist each week. Concerts were given in a small, intimate theatre and recorded live. In addition to the artists' own bands, the American Music Shop band accompanied the performers, giving these concerts a unique sound. 
American Ninja Warrior|2009|Take a look back at the moments from the Regional Qualifiers and Finals that defined the best season of "American Ninja Warrior" ever. From walk-ons that came out of nowhere like the indomitable Robert Ing and the insanely acrobatic Kevin Bull to seasoned veterans like Drew Dreschel who put up the fastest qualifying time ever, relive the excitement! Plus, who can forget the historical runs by the Mighty Kacy Catanzaro? We have all this and the most heart-breaking failures from hundreds of competitors. 
American Ninja Warrior: Crashing the Course|2016|Each week, host Alex Weber joins your favorite ninjas like Kacy Catanzaro, Geoff Britten, Ryan Stratis and more to get an insider's look at how an obstacle goes from an idea to the ultimate athletic challenge in Crashing the Course. And watch your favorite ninjas like Natalie Duran, Grant McCartney and more to see how they prime for competition in the weekly series 24/B4. Watch both NBC exclusive series on NBC.com and the NBC app. 
American Occult|2010|In an Florida vacation spot a young woman has a horrifying encounter with a real-life vampire. Next, in a small, quiet town in New England, which is shaken when investigators suspect that a group of prostitutes is performing rituals to worship Satan. 
American Odyssey|1958|A travelogue/documentary-style program that ran thorugh the spring of 1958, presenting viewers with a half-hour narrated film looking a different slice of America and American society each week. Some of the subjects covered included the sights and attractions in different big cities, and the training programs at some of the country's elite military schools. 
American Originals|2007|American Original examines Budweiser the King of American Beers. Budweiser faces a change in ownership and is losing share to microbreweries and craft beers. CNBC goes inside Anheuser-Busch to examine how the companies plans to face the challenges of the future. 
American Paranormal|2010|On Thursday, March 13, 1997 hundreds of people in Arizona and Nevada reported seeing a massive UFO hovering the sky. UFO Investigator Larry Lowe goes to Phoenix to talk to first hand witnesses to the event and talks to aeronautics experts in order to discuss what the craft could have been. 
American Pickers|2010|This time on American Pickers... Mike and Frank are in New Orleans where they scour an antique dealer's sprawling collection, meet a relic hunter with dinosaur fossils, and then find a pair of rare visible gas pumps just down the road. Vic's automotive graveyard proves to be a picker's paradise. And, Danielle finds a local buyer who might make the day a total success. 
American Playboy: The Hugh Hefner Story|2017|American Playboy: The Hugh Hefner Story is a docuseries combining archival footage, interviews and cinematic reenactments to tell the story of Playboy magazine's charismatic founder Hugh Hefner and his impact on global culture and history. American Playboy begins in post-war America and takes us through the launch of Playboy magazine in 1953 and the next six decades of Hefner's life and career. As he built his empire, Hefner became both a social justice advocate and a target of the conservative movement, battling with the FBI and J. Edgar Hoover while becoming an outspoken defender of civil rights. 
American Playhouse|1981|Flag Purdy, a "man of many principles" must learn the hard lesson of compromisation in order to keep his wife and children. The "final straw" comes when Flag's wife and children bring a Christmas tree into his house. Flag's principles will not allow such extravagances, and he destroys the tree. The next morning Flag's wife, Ada, and the children are gone. Flag learns his lesson in time for Christmas, and as Ada says, "A man with as many principles as Flag, some of them are bound to be wrong.". 
American Princess|2005|In a real life version of "My Fair Lady", twenty American women who are average, plain, uncouth, and rather ill-mannered, are taken to London, England to master the finer arts of British society. As the women vile for the prize, they learn how to eat dinner, handle cutlery, serve tea, walk in high heels, dance, and act as a proper royal should be. The prize? A royal title, a glittering Harry Winston tiara worth one million dollars, and the honor of being crowned the first ever "American Princess." 
American Profile|1967|A documentary series that rotated with several other programs in the Friday night timeslot. Each episode presented an in-depth look at some of the more impressive aspects of the United States. Subjetcs covered included the national park system and efforts to preserve endangered species, while others gave tours around the historical sites in Washington and other locations. 
American Race|2017|At the end of his journey Charles heads to Atlanta where he meets undocumented residents and civic leaders who use social media to organize their opposition to new immigration policies, and gets an audience with civil rights legend C.T. Vivian. 
American Rehab: Detroit|2014|New parents Chris and Amy continue their renovation of the historic 1903 Detroit home that was once owned by Chris' great-grandparents. Before their daughter Ruby starts crawling, they have to rebuild a bathroom - a shell of room with a giant hole in the floor. They salvage the early 1900's tub and transform the bathroom into a charming space with custom wallpaper inspired by the original design. They also renovate a guest bedroom by repairing the existing beadboard and sanding and staining the original pine wood sub-floor. 
American Rehab: Restoring Victoria|2015|A recently divorced mother of two, New Jersey teacher Shalina Joy is taking on her biggest summer vacation project ever, completely transforming a run-down 1900's mansion into a sunny, functional home for her family. From crumbling walls to holes in floors and surprises at every turn, she's peeling back decades of bad renovations and restoring the 6,000 square foot Italian Renaissance house to its original glory, and giving herself a fresh start. 
American Rehab: Virginia|2015|John Tayloe Emery and his wife Catherine are the eighth generation of his family to live at the historic estate Mount Airey. The family includes two young sons, John's, Uncle Gwynne, and various pets. Together they go about renovating the main house which was built in 1764; as well as, all the other buildings on the property. 
American Restoration|2010|A museum curator has some very specific instructions for the restoration of...a box. It's also locked, there's no key and what is inside is a mystery. Another customer sends in a 100 year old carnival punching bag that he wants to look old but like new. 
American Ride|2011|When Abraham Lincoln was inaugurated, he became president of a fractured Union. America was poised for what would become the bloodiest chapter in its young history. The Civil War killed more Americans than all our other wars combined. It was only through Lincoln's strength, dedication, and faith that the Union survived. 
American Ripper|2017|The great-great-grandson of Herman Mudgett (alias H.H. Holmes - America's first serial killer), Jeff Mudgett, sets out to prove a controversial theory that H.H. Holmes and Britain's most notorious serial killer, Jack The Ripper, were the one and same man. After twenty years searching for the truth about his notorious ancestor, Mudgett partners with ex-CIA analyst Amaryllis Fox to launch an all new investigation, using 21st century science and methodology to unlock the secrets of one of the biggest cold cases of all time. 
American River Renegades|2014|In Alaska, PJ and Doug find themselves surrounded by grizzlies during a salmon run. Kip and Big Ward's airboat breaks down during a gator hunt. And on the Mississippi, Mike faces the start of snapping-turtle season alone when his partner injures himself. 
American Scandals|2015|Barbara Walters gets more than she bargained for covering the Jean Harris murder case. Celebrity diet doctor Herman Tarnower is killed and his lover is charged with the crime. Barbara risks her career trying to uncover what really happened. 
American Scene|1952|Running just until the end of the summer season of 1952, this show presented viewers each Sunday evening with a series of thirty-minute documentary films on a variety of subjects. Most of the shorts were semi-educational in nature, looking at some of the more interesting aspects of society. 
American Songbook at NJPAC Hosted by Michael Feinstein|2017|Series host Michael Feinstein welcomes Brian Stokes Mitchell (Two Time Tony Award Winner. Broadway credits include Ragtime, Shuffle Along, Man of La Mancha and Kiss Me Kate), Ana Gasteyer (Saturday Night Live Alum) and Songbook Youth Ambassador Lucas DeBard to NJPAC in Newark, NJ, for stimulating conversation and performances. Highlights include dynamic renditions of "There's No Business Like Show Business", "What a Wonderful World" and "Hello, Dolly!" plus conversations between the entertainers. 
American Stuffers|2012|Daniel Ross is a taxidermist. His company, Xtreme Taxidermy, is unique in that it's the only shop in Romance, Arkansas that specializes in pet preservation. By capturing the essence of each animal, Daniel and his team of three (Fred, Joseph and Dixie) give their clients' pets a loving and lasting alternative to cremation or burial. 
American Takedown|2015|Series Premiere. A documentary series showcasing highly specialized tactical law enforcement units across the U.S. that protect and serve against some of the most cunning and dangerous criminals in the country. The series gives an inside look at the unique and critical work that America's top investigators, specialists and agents carry out to keep our nation safe. (Individual episode synopsis is currently not available.) 
American Tarzan|2016|The six remaining people, each with a unique superhuman skill, take on the next natural obstacle course - the coastline. Traversing gigantic trees, treacherous cliffs and bodies of water will they conquer the dangerous shore or end their challenge early? 
American Titans|2015|Steel magnate Andrew Carnegie and coal king Henry Clay Frick join forces to dominate America's second Industrial Revolution. Their wealthy empire will crush rivals, destroy the labor movement, and ignite a bitter feud between titans that ends in violence. 
American Travelers|2016|American Travelers travel to popular vacation spots reviewing resorts and adventures at each destination. Some history about each destination is included. The cast and crew are Dave & Kari Losko. They run the camera, lights and sound and are the host of the show. Part of the show is seeing behind the scenes and how the show is produced. 
American Viral|2014|American Viral follows a family desperately trying to recapture the viral fame they achieved with a YouTube video of their son getting hit in the balls three years ago. To achieve this goal, the shameless patriarch, Roger Busk (Michael Showalter), will stop at nothing to exploit his family. 
American Weed|2012|While people like pink-mohawked cancer patient Josh Belt use medical marijuana to deal with their health problems, cannabis also proves controversial as an upcoming vote threatens to shut down the only dispensary in the town of Castle Rock, Colorado. 
American Zen|2019|American Zen is the true odyssey of a thieving heroin-addict, drag-queen hooker-turned-acid-head-hippie-hustler as he vanquishes personal dragons, fights to establish Zen in America and transforms himself into an AIDS hospice pioneer and a twentieth century Buddha. 
American't|2015|It's Christmas time. Ever look at the DEAD tree carcass in the corner of your LIVING room, covered in strands of lights and decorated with shiny tinsel and wonder just what exactly you're doing with your life? Phoenix West has. In the first episode of American't, Phoenix uses green-screen, live stand-up comedy and even reads a Christmas poem to convey why he thinks Christmas trees are bizarre. 
Americana|1947|Sponsored by the makers of the Encyclopedia Americana, this quiz show featured questions on obscure bits of American folklore and history that had been sent in by home viewers. Originally, the contestants on the program were adults, but the show later switched to having high school students compete. 
Americas Superwoman, Next Action Diva|2012|In a search to find the next Angelina Jolie, Milla Jovovich, or Maggie Q, America's Superwoman: The Next Action Diva, is the reality competition show will feature eight stunning, strong female beauties competing to prove they have the stamina, talent and sex appeal to be named America's Superwoman: The Next Action Diva. Brought you by Action Diva herself, Mimi Lesseos (Million Dollar Baby, Double Duty) who will also serve as mentor for the women. Celebrity Judges: UFC's Big John McCarthy, veteran actress Karen Black and legendary wrestling and martial arts teacher famous for Bruce Lee and Chuck Norris - Gene Lebell. 
Amerika|1987|America has been bloodlessly taken over by the Soviet Union, leading to slave-labor camps for some, collaboration for others and rebellion for yet others. 
Amerikas Legend‰re Strassen|2013|No nation is more famous for its roads than the USA. Endless highways wind through endless landscapes like vital arteries. Those in a hurry take the four-lane interstates. But what is there to discover when you take your time and travel the legendary old backroads? Academy Award Ænominated filmmaker Katja Esson ("Skydancer", "Ferry Tales") takes an affectionate and unconventional look at the backrooms of the American Dream - where it once thrived, where it is still preserved, and where it died a long time ago. Along the historical roads, in the real heartland of the nation, she searches for stories like a gold-digger searching for nuggets. By capturing the spirit of the old America she allows us to understand the modern USA: on the Mohawk Trail, the Oregon Trail, on America's' Loneliest Road' Highway 50, on the Blues Highway and the famous Route 66. 
Ami Sei Meye|2011|Eighteen years back Samrat and Banani Sen adopted a baby girl. They named her Kajol. With time this vibrant, innocent girl became the darling of the family. You must be thinking what's so uncanny about it? It's only natural that in these eighteen years Kajol has grown up to be the much loved Barbie of the Sen Family. Indeed she has - However this truth has a dark past. Though Kajol's father Pronoy is Samrat's elder brother, lust for money didn't stop Samrat from conspiring against Kajol's parents. He sent Pronoy to an asylum and compelled Kajol's mother to walk out of the Sen mansion leaving Kajol behind. In reality Kajol's adoption has only been Samrat's facade to hide his hideous crime and intentions. 
Amici di Maria de Filippi|2001|Once called "Saranno Famosi" in honour of the 1980 namesake movie, it's a talent show revolving around dancing and singing abilities. The competitors are split into two teams: BLUE ones and WHITE ones, competing against the opposite team until only one artist gets to win the competition. As well as a major contract. 
Amigo's|2015|Matthieu having taken all the cash to buy his son a lavish birthday present but gambled it all away, the restaurant can't pay any meat, which would mean closing down indefinitely. Dylan, who has sex despite his doubts about an informer deal with a cop 'after her hours' to catch Alain, steals a cow, but that's no use. Tessa, whom Rik fired after learning she threw away a stars restaurant job to work for him, abuses her ex-lover Lauren's key to help herself to his best beef. Afer she claims being raped by Kerkhoff's goon Tito, the gang is allowed free revenge but Rik abstains from homicide. 
Amigos X siempre|2000|Amigos X Siempre "Friends For Ever" A group of children from various backgrounds form a special friendship, using music as a bond. Belinda - (Ana) An abused child deep in sadness. Pedro teaches her how to laugh. Martin Ricca - (Pedro) A fish out-of-water, refuses to follow the rigid rules of the school. Loves to sing. Christopher Uckermann - (Santiago) Poor little rich kid, spoiled and raised by a maid. Daniela Mercado - (Lourdes) Cute shy girl, devotes most her time to attending her Down Syndrome brother, Carlitos. Griselle Margarita - (Patricia) Lonely, poor girl, dreams of becoming rich, at any cost. Mickey Santana - (Gilberto) Renata's brother, stutters constantly, causing shame to his self absorbed parents. Naidelyn Navarrete - (Renata) Treis very hard to win the affection of her father, whom believes that girls a worthless. She tries to become a boy. Oscar Larios - ("El 7 Leguas") Poor boy, not allowed to attend this prestigious school. He is loyal and inventive. Pablo Tableros - (Carlitos) Born with Down Syndrome, Carlitos tries hard to act normal and show everyone even mentally disabled children have feelings, care for others, and contribute to society. Ronald Duarte - (Rafa) Chubby little boy, in love with Patricia. He's the brains, and song writer in the group. 
Amigos son los amigos|1989|CarlÌn is a Casanova kind of guy on his thirties, living on his own, on a flat he rented to a girl friend of his. He frequents women on a promiscuous fashion, while makes a living working with his father. His life will take a turn when, unexpectedly, finds himself sharing the flat with the 19 yo son of his friend, who has no other place to live. 
Amigos|1989|The bilingual series for families and children is designed to promote appreciation of Spanish language and Latino culture. The stories, over two seasons, revolve around SeÒorita Fernandez's "fonda," a place where Perro Pepe and the neighborhood children congregate. Each episode introduces Spanish language through context and immersion rather than through direct translation. 
Amika|2008|The wealthy Flemish family De Lafayette runs a fashionable manage. Father Herbert is a fine businessman, but his wife Marie-Louise's haughty socialite attitude rubbed off badly on super-spoiled brat daughter Marie-Claire. Herbert's son Olivier is a playful rascal, masterly at playing people with goofy sidekick Gringo and has a golden heart. The manËge's top horse, stallion Amika, doesn't perform well with Marie-Claire as amazon and dandy trainer Casper. Local 'inventor' Tys's equally naive daughter Merel becomes a stable-hand under Jan, who recognizes her inherited riding talent./ Father Herbert in a decent businessman, but his wife Marie-Louise spends money for prestige and their mean brat daughter Marie-Claire is even worse, forming the 'Z-Girls' trio with a dumb and a sarcastic friend. Son Olivier is playful, a prankster but never mean and actually kind and helpful, his sidekick Gringo even more. Local would be-inventor Tijs' daughter Merel dreams of becoming an amazon, but he forbids that because her ma died in an equestrian accident, so Merel becomes a stable-hand under modest, efficient Jan, both picked on by haughty playboy riding coach Casper. 
Amira fi Abdeen|2002|A strong personal Amira who cites her first husband in the war of attrition leaving her two children Jamal and Ghada and then her father dies before the passage of one year on the death of the husband to leave her alone without support. Abdel Monsef, the lawyer for marriage and agree to start a stable stage over the 27 years live in Zamalek, which moved to it after the transformation of Abdel Monsef to a famous businessman suddenly her husband and her son, who became the director of the financial institution and with them Tarek husband of her daughter Ghada abroad on the pretext of completing a deal to discover the truth of their escape For fear of being arrested in financial cases related to the company, but her son Jamal returns to stand next to his only mother until INTERPOL succeeds in arresting Abdel Monsef and Tariq and bringing them back to be tried and entered prison while Jamal Shahad Malak begins a new phase of his life after returning with his mother and sister to Abdeen. 
Amish Firearm Academy|2017|Jebediah and Jakob Yoder are Amish brothers with firearms experience and a penchant for destroying electronics. Now the barn is full of English distractions that have been brought in to the community after years of Rumspringas and Jeb has an idea on how to get rid of them. 
Amish Haunting|2014|When an Amish farmer turns to gambling as a means to solving his financial problems, the results are terrifying. When a young Amish family defies the church by using electricity in their home, they must face the evil spirits that come with the trappings of modern conveniences. 
Amish Mafia|2012|Untrusting of outside law enforcement, some Amish in Lancaster County, PA have for many years regularly turned to a small organized group of men for protection and justice. The series provides a first-ever look at the men who protect and maintain peace and order within the Amish community in Lancaster. The 2006 School shootings in Lancaster County during which five young Amish girls were killed and five more seriously injured by a non-Amish milk truck driver brought to the nation's attention the vulnerabilities of the Amish community, and their need for continued protection. 
Amish RENOgades|2014|Master craftsmen from Vanilla Ice Goes Amish are fish out of water when they travel across the country to work on home improvement projects. From the big city of Chicago to the bright lights of Las Vegas and the beaches of Southern California, it's a brave new world tackling modern tasks like managing social media and driving a car. Find out what happens to them when they leave Amish country and take their talents on the road. 
Amish: World's Squarest Teenagers|2010|The Amish are an American religious community who eschew modern gadgetry for a nineteenth-century life style. Five of their number take part in an experiment for television. Becky,19,Leah,22,and her 18-year old brother Andrew, Leon who's 18 and 23-year old Jerry come to Britain to spend a week in turn with host families who have children their own age group. First visit is to a South London estate with its host black family. The reported violence is alien to the visitors' peaceful life style and they attend a memorial for a youth killed in a gang fight. They can relate to the choral singing at the hosts' church and visit a mosque,where they show that,despite their youth,they are non-judgmental and can appreciate that there are other religions. 
Amistades peligrosas|2006|1996. Seven friends go camping to celebrate that they've finished high school. They're Juan, his girlfriend Silvia, MartÌn, Helena, David, CÈsar and Cata. In the last minute, a classmate, El Bola, joins them. The first day, all of them argue with El Bola. The second day, El Bola is found dead. Next to the body is found Juan's knife; Juan is arrested by the police as the main suspect. 
Amma and Family|1995|If the Ahmeds have a collective motto at all, it is, 'Mind Everybody's Business'. From Amma to Abdul, everyone is forever getting involved in everyone else's problems, work, business, hassles, happiness, whatever. But they are not very good at co-ordinating their efforts. As a result, they often end up working at cross purposes. Matters are frequently complicated by a motley collection of allied characters - relatives, friends, envious neighbors, old flames, new suitors, perfect strangers, etc. - who compound the family's already dangerous propensity for disaster. As each situation develops, the collapse of the Raees Ahmed family seems imminent. Disaster is averted, but only in the nick of time and at any rate not before the members of the family have been on an emotional roller coaster ride that leaves them breathless and the television audience in splits. 
Ammo & Attitude|2011|Ammo and Attitude is an outdoor television original and the first of its kind in reality outdoor programming. A true women's only outdoor oriented reality show that is based on each women's abilities in the outdoors. This is "Survivor" meets "The Apprentice" Outdoor Style! Contestants will compete in disciplines that will range from shooting sports, various hunting techniques, wilderness survival, trekking and overall sporting challenges. A panel of outdoor industry leaders will judge and decide the fate of each individual participant after each competition. Judges base their decision on their personal abilities and skill levels as outdoor women. At the end of each competition someone will be judged off the show and will be eliminated. The final contestant will be named the champion and walk away with thousands of dollars in prizes! 
Amnerdsia|2015|A group of high school nerds are trying to enjoy their despite popularity, friends, and social acceptance, until the most popular girl in school (and also a certified grade A B&*%$#! ) hits her head and get amnesia. Our group of nerds see their opportunity to gain popularity by brainwa- I mean "convincing" the new amnesiac, that she's one of them, a nerd! 
Amnesia: The Dark Descent|2014|Vennori experiences the most frightening game of his entire life when he plays as Daniel, a young man, who awakes in a dreary castle with no memory of his past and discovers from notes that were left by himself, that he deliberately erased his memory and he must travel through the dark halls to kill the evil baron Alexander. 
Amo de Casa|2013|Francisco Lopez is a workaholic man, he has two daughters and a son, and he is married with Mariana Ortiz, but suddenly, his life has a collateral turn, and he becomes in a housekeeper, and when Francisco, meets a new neighbor, Bertha Hernandez, he is going to have many problems, for himself and his family. 
Among the Apes|2009|This brand new documentary series sees renowned primatologist Charlotte Uhlenbroek undertake one of the biggest challenges of her career. Over four episodes, Charlotte travels the world on a quest that brings her face to face with some of the world's greatest primates. 
Amongst Women|1998|Based on the novel by John McGahern and set in Ireland in the 1950s, the series tells the story of Moran and his children. Especially the girls find it difficult to get away from the influence of their despotic father and start living their own lives. 
Amor real|2003|In 19th century Mexico, Dr. Manuel Fuentes Guerra inherits a fortune of his father, whom never wanted to recognize him as his son. Now turned into a millionaire gentleman, the doctor looks for an appropriate wife. His election falls on Matilde Penalver y Beristain, daughter of an aristocratic family but that has come to less. Manuel, and Matilde's family ignore that she is compromised in secret to a military official by the name of Adolfo Solis. Augusta, the mother of Matilde, has Adolfo put in jail, and Humberto, Matilde's brother, contracts a woman to fake to being Adolfo's in front of Matilde. Now Augusta obligates her daughter to get married to Manuel. Adolfo escapes from jail, but not in time to prevent the wedding. But Matilde discovers the trap that her family had put on her, and suspects that her husband had something to do with it. She decides to abandon him that same day of the wedding, but Manuel discovers her and takes her by the force to his ranch where he subjects her to all types of physical and moral vexations. Adolfo, under another identity, gets to the ranch and is hired by Manuel to be the administrator of Manuel's two ranches, and Manuel gives him all of his confidence. Grudgingly, Matilde has discovered that her husband has many virtues and she finally falls in love with him. The hapiness of Matilde and Manuel shall last very little, especially when the doctor discovers that his administrator is his wife's ex-boyfriend. To Matilde will come the repudiation of her husband, the expulsion from her home, and the public shame because she is pregnant and Manuel doesn't want to recognize his child. It is the 19th Century, a time of profound romanticism. Challenging the rules of the aristocracy to which she belongs, Matilde PeÒalver y Beristain, falls in love with Adolfo SolÌs, an army soldier with no fortune; trusting that her father - fair and kind - will let her marry him. But her mother Augusta is determined to force Matilde to marry a rich man in order to save the family from bankruptcy. Manuel Fuentes Guerra is the perfect candidate. He is a honorable and handsome young man who has just inherited a vast fortune. Augusta ignores that Manuel is the illegitimate son of Joaquin Fuentes Guerra, a powerful landlord who raped a poor town girl, and only months ago recognized Manuel as his son. Using all kinds of intrigues, the arrogant Augusta and her son Humberto, send Adolfo to prison, and make Matilde believe that he is married and has children. Overwhelmed and despaired, Matilde surrenders to her mother's pressure and agrees to marry Manuel, especially after she learns that he has paid the family's debts. Adolfo escapes from jail and immediately goes to look for his beloved Matilde, who has just married Manuel. Desperate, Adolfo manages to secretly speak with Matilde and to clarify the misunderstandings. Swearing they will love each other forever, they decide to run away, but Manuel discovers them. Deeply hurt, Manuel is not willing to give her up; he takes her to his ranch in the countryside where they consummate the marriage. Matilde's life in the house is tedious and bitter. She does not love her husband, and besides, she has to put up with Antonia, the former administrator's daughter, who is in love with Manuel. Meanwhile, Adolfo, after an intense and frantic search, finds Matilde and intending to take her away, pretends to be the new ranch administrator. Manuel, ignoring Adolfo's real identity, sympathizes with him and gives him a special, friendly treatment. In spite of the situation, Adolfo has to admit that Manuel is an honest, noble and fair man. At that point, Manuel and Matilde discover that they have been victims of Augusta's and Humberto's deceit. As time goes by, the subtle attentions, the glances full of passion and Manuel's avid desire, end up conquering the heart of Matilde. Suddenly one day, she realizes that the love she felt for Adolfo has disappeared, and that in its place has come a new, more intense feeling, a real love towards her husband. Full of grief, Matilde tells Adolfo the truth. Although she does not want to hurt him, her love does not belong to him anymore. Heartbroken, Adolfo accepts his reality and leaves the ranch the same day Matilde announces to her husband that she is pregnant. But the couple's happiness does not last long. Manuel discovers who his new administrator was, and in an instant everything falls apart. Matilde's pleas and explanations cannot convince Manuel, he feels betrayed once again and cannot forgive her. Driven by his anger Manuel doubts his paternity and throws Matilde out of the ranch. Later, he tries to forget her with Antonia, starting a compromising relationship that will later make more difficult his reconciliation with Matilde. They love each other intensely in spite of the separation, but they will have to face conflicts and intrigues before they can be together and live happily forever. 
Amore criminale|2007|The protagonist of the episode, with commentary by a psychologist and criminologist Anna Costanza Baldry, is Danila, a woman survivor of abuse and violence very strong from his former partner. It will be her to tell her story, to make us understand how that could happen is that love is past violence. While the relationship with her partner Danila suffered both psychological violence that physical violence. He has endured humiliation and abuse for a long time. Then one day she finds the strength to fight back and say enough. She leaves her partner and try to rebuild their lives. But the man does not agree and submit it to a heavy assault where Danila may die. In the episode Danila offers us his own valuable evidence in support of all women victims of violence. His message is important: even the ugliest stories you can go out. 
Amores Livres|2015|Documentary series in 10 episodes about different forms of love. A man and a woman who are married to live an exclusive relationship seems to be a model which no longer includes the multiplicity of feelings, sensations and desires in contemporary relationships. But what are the types of unconventional love that exist? How to define these new ways of relating? The series brings the viewer the reality of couples and trisais different cities in Brazil and South America who have dared to invent and live new loving arrangements . 
Amores Roubados|2014|Doomed tells the story of Leandro (Cau„ Reymond, from Brazil Avenue), a sophisticated sommelier and a real Don Juan. After returning to his native city, he has a romance with Celeste (Dira Paes), who is married to a powerful businessman. Due to his insatiable appetite for women, he also becomes involved with Isabel (PatrÌcia Pillar), the wife of his boss, Jaime (Murilo BenÌcio). For Leandro, seducing women is just a game until he is taken by surprise upon falling in love with AntÙnia (Isis Valverde), the couple's daughter. This young girl makes him question his convictions and together, they are thrown into a thrilling story of desire, jealousy and revenge. AntÙnia's mother is discreet and totally devoted to her family. Torn between her daughter's and her husband's desires, she tries, unsuccessfully, to ease the bitter feelings between the two. Celeste, on the other hand, is a passionate and seductive woman who hides her affair with the sommelier from everyone. When Leandro's boss discovers his wife's infidelity, his angry outburst coincides with the disappearance of his sommelier. Was it a planned escape or a crime of passion? 
Amores de Mercado|2006|Amores De Mercado tells the story of Fernando (Mauricio Islas), an ambitious man who driven by greed will do the unimaginable to his own family, Lucia (Paola Rey), a woman in search of her husband, and Diego (Michel Brown), an athlete who feels defeated by life. Lucia and Diego will meet and find a reason to love again and start over in life, however, destiny will put them to the test. This is a story of second chances and how love can save us when everything else is lost. 
Amores verdaderos|2012|Amores Verdaderos (True Love) is a 2012 Mexican telenovela produced by Nicandro DÌaz Gonzalez for Televisa. It is based on Amor en Custodia, produced in Colombia, Argentina, and Mexico. Erika Buenfil, Eduardo YaÒez, Eiza Gonz·lez and Sebastian Rulli stars as the protagonists, while Marjorie de Sousa, Francisco Gattorno, Guillermo Capetillo and Enrique Rocha stars as the antagonists. With the participations of Natalia EsperÛn, MÛnika S·nchez, Susana Gonz·lez, Sherlyn and first actress Ana Martin. Victoria Balvanera is a designer and an artist with a beautiful daughter Nikki and a cheating husband Nelson. One day her life changes completely when a gang of robbers try to kidnap her and she's saved by the rough countryman Jose Angel Arriaga. Victoria decides to hire him then and there, changing completely her path of life. As danger closes in on the family Nikki gets her own bodyguard, Fransisco Guzman. Both of the women have no idea that as time passes, they'll start feeling inappropriate things for the men and those feelings are definitely not one sided. 
Amorteamo|2015|A bride left at the altar decides to kill herself and ends up summoning a terrible curse. To have her true love back she returns from the world of the dead bringing other inhabitants who had passed away. What nobody knows is that their real intention is to solve past differences. Are the living ready to settle the score? 
Amp'd Up|2014|Music junkies rejoice as we interview today's most talked about musicians. The episodes include exclusive acoustic performances, music festivals, rides on tour buses, heartthrobs and recording sessions. Find out what amps up the talented faces behind the songs we love. 
Amravati Ki Kathayein|1994|Based on Shri Satyam Shanaramanchi's Telugu Classic "Amaravati Ki Kathalu", Amravati ki Kathayein is a collection of 100 short stories depicting the life in Amaravati. This won the Telugu Sahitya Academy Award for the writer Shri. Satyam Sankaramanchi. 
Amrit Manthan|2012|Two sisters, Amrit and Nimrit were raised in the royal palace at Amritgarh, where their family ruled for many generations. Amrit, the elder sister, was brought up as the heir to a royalty whose glory days was well past them. She was a mirror personality of her grandmother, the Rajmata. Amrit believed marriage was the only opportunity to salvage the lost honor of her family. Nimrit, on the other hand, was just the opposite. She did not take her lineage too seriously and thought from her heart rather than her head. Amrit got the opportunity to either choose the rich Adhiraj, who also had royal background, or Tej, a disciplined soldier who not was wealthy or aristocratic, but a man with a big heart. 
Amy Danzig|2015|An action series based around Amy Danzig, a vigilante. She is a duplicitous character who is framed for a mass murder by her fiancÈ. She has two very different sides, the nice nurturer and the violent dirty fighter. she switches into her violent mode as a defensive mechanism, but when she goes on the run from the law she becomes more dependent upon her darker side to survive as she seeks to prove her innocence. 
Amy Prentiss|1974|Amy Prentiss is a beautiful thirty-something detective on the San Francisco police force who was unexpectedly promoted to chief following the sudden death of her predecessor. Between solving the city's most perplexing crimes and battling sexism within the department, Amy raises her pre-teen daughter Jill. 
Amy, la niÒa de la mochila azul|2004|"Amy The girl with the blue schoolbag" is a soap opera for kids. As a baby, Amy was rescued from the sea by Captain MatÌas and his wife Perla, who later dies, but Captain MatÌas promises his wife to take care of Amy. She lives on a ship with her step-father, who after his wife's death is destroyed, keeps losing everything, almost has no money and is about to lose the last thing he has left: his ship. Amy is a mischievous girl and dresses like a boy. Her real father is a millionaire Octavio who has lost his newborn baby in the hurricane and is searching for "him" (as he thinks it was a baby boy). He will meet Amy and they will become friends, without knowing that the "boy" he is searching for in reality is Amy. She will also meet a nice boy Raul with whom she will fall in an innocent love. There is also an evil Carlota who hates orphans, but uses them to get donations and with this money buys herself fine jewelry. In order to get more donations she needs to get more orphans, and she is now after Amy, whose origin is in question... 
An African City|2014|An African City is a Ghanian television and web series created by Nicole Amarteifio. Through the narration of the lead character, Nana Yaa, (Maame Yaa Boafo), we watch the lives of five beautiful, upperclass, educated African women as they deal with their lives as single women in Accra, Ghana. The series often portrays frank discussions about romance, sexuality and Africanism. The five women have all been raised abroad and have returned to Africa to continue high-powered careers, look for love and have sex. 
An Age Apart|1983|(Episode 1) A Long Way from Home: 65-year-old Walter Atherton has accepted an offer from his twice-widowed sister, Alice, to emigrate to New Zealand and settle down with her and her 11-year-old son, Joe. Walter has never traveled further than his local pub in Miles Platting, Lancashire, and hasn't seen his sister in 30 years. No wonder things don't immediately fall into place. 
An Age of Kings|1960|Henry Bolingbroke has now been crowned King of England, but faces a rebellion headed by the embittered Earl of Northumberland and his son (nicknamed 'Hotspur'). Henry's son Hal, the Prince of Wales, has thrown over life at court in favour of heavy drinking and petty theft in the company of a debauched elderly knight, Sir John Falstaff. Hal must extricate himself from some legal problems, regain his father's good opinions and help suppress the uprising. 
An American Family|1973|This was the original "Real World". The show was a weekly documentary which followed the real life travails of the Loud family, a mixed up cluster of suburbanites. The show picked up lots of interesting footage, including an on-camera divorce demand from wife Pat to her husband, and the coming-out of one of the children who was gay. 
An American Love Story|1999|Cicily prepares for a semester abroad in Nigeria while Bill and Karen contend with conflicting reactions to her imminent departure. Bill is excited about his daughter's visit to the homeland, while Karen worries about her safety. After severe hemorrhaging, Karen is hospitalized and copes with the prospect of a hysterectomy if experimental drugs fail to solve her problem. Bill flies to Ohio for a performance that doesn't go well. Back in Queens, Cicily's first phone call comes in from Africa. 
An Asian Chick's Guide to Loving Yourself in 365 Days|2017|Armed with two decades of experience as a performer, writer, healer, actress-comedian-host Kiki Yeung takes you on a 365 days journey on loving yourself mind, body and soul. Uplifting and humorous, Kiki becomes the characters from her award winning one woman show "Second Chances For Grace" while she interviews special guests from all walks of life and ages. Watch and be inspired as she offers real-talk -- addressing our relationship with food, self-talk, organic lifestyle, healing and ultimately what it takes to transform our lives permanently. 
An Audience to Behold|2015|Violet,a a young actress has landed a potentially career changing lead role in a play, but she has a few obstacles to overcome. Her own insecurities, a clingy relationship with Richard, a man that really doesn't believe in her ..... and not to mention the productions own nightmare, the show's producer/director Aubin. Her solace is one of her co-stars, James, but can Violet accept his encouragements while deflecting the insane rantings from Aubin, a boyfriend glaring from he wings and the pressure of being a lead? 
An Englishman's Castle|1978|In a world in which Germany won World War II and has occupied the United Kingdom. Peter Ingram is a writer on a popular soap opera called "An Englishman's Castle" that is set in London during the Blitz. Ingram lives a quiet, boring life, deliberately oblivious to the subtle rule of the local Nazis. His eyes are opened when the woman he is involved with reveals that she is both a Jew and a member of the Underground. Will Peter help overthrow his country's oppressors? 
An Evening at Nossy's|2011|Nosferatu lives after all these years, still reclusive as ever in a modestly decorated studio somewhere in Hollywood. It's Halloween, a perfect night for hiding out with a marathon of classic horror films, aged tonics, and endless munchies. But not for Nossy, his private holiday is sorely interrupted by trick-or-treaters, a saucy neighbor looking to score, an ancient prankster on the loose, and an old drinking buddy he can't get rid of. 
An Hour with Slava Lessy|2015|"An hour with S&M" is a Bulgarian show created by Slava Lessy. Within an hour Slava develops several sections. In each of them, Slava seeks to provide interesting and instructive stories. 
An Idiot Abroad|2010|Brit 'Karl Pilkington (I)' (qv) has led a sheltered life. Not having done any traveling, he enjoys living within the comforts of what he knows, basically that being what is purely British. As such, his friends, 'Ricky Gervais' (qv) and 'Stephen Merchant' (qv), decide to send Karl to various parts of the world to experience unfamiliar cultures. Stephen believes that travel is a life broadening venture, and hopes that Karl will indeed feel like his life is enriched by these travels. Ricky, however, hopes that Karl will hate every minute of his travels. For Ricky, this experiment is the most expensive gag for his own pleasure that he could have conceived. 
An Inconvenient Woman|1991|Based on the novel by Dominick Dunne, this movie tells the story of an affair between a wealthy heir, Jules and the mistress he has kept for 18 years, Vicki. Jules' wife Betsy is aware of the affair as their marriage is one of convenience but when Jules is diagnosed with cancer, she demands an end to it. When Vicki is left broke and desperate, she threatens to expose all of Jules' sins and secrets which she has learned throughout the years. They had other plans for her. 
An Intimate Look with Michelle Tomlinson|2014|This show is about people of varying vocations that discuss not only what they do, but the different challenges they've met along the way. Everyone has a story to share and how their challenges not only changed their perspective, but what they've done to spread their own light and voice to help others. 
An Klondike|2015|An Klondike is the first Western to be made in Ireland and tells the story of the Connolly Brothers; three Irish emigrants who travel from Montana to the Yukon during the Klondike gold rush of the 1890's in the hope of striking it rich. The Connolly brothers pitch up in Dominion Creek where they become embroiled in a deadly feud with Jacob Hopkins, the man who runs the town. The Connollys become powerful figures in the Klondike themselves when their claim proves to be a goldmine but their new found wealth leads to a rift between the brothers. Jacob Hopkins uses this to his advantage to turn the Connollys against one another in the hope of wiping them all out for good. 
An Ocean Apart|1988|The Americans were dragged reluctantly into the First World War, of their nightmarish journey across the Atlantic, their welcome in Liverpool and their disillusion when the war was over. For President Woodrow Wilson, victory had turned sour, but America had started its journey towards world leadership. 
An Officer and a Movie|2011|'An Officer and a Movie' pairs Phillips with retired and active duty officers who lived through major battles or have an expertise in the conflicts depicted in notable Hollywood films. As each film makes its Military Channel premiere, 'An Officer and a Movie' provides expert commentary that can only come from being on the ground during the action as these officers reflect on the themes of that night's film and also provide personal insight that puts each movie into a modern context. 
An Unintentionally Awkward Moment|2008|Recently, I watched the movie Mission: Impossible II for the first time. And guess what? I found a scene that was both unintentionally awkward and a moment. So I figured, hey, this is an unintentionally awkward moment! Actually, this is more random than awkward, but, you get the idea. 
An Unsuitable Job for a Woman|1997|Cordelia Gray is the reluctant owner of a ramshackle investigation agency following the suicide of her boss. Watching over her as she hunts down clues in the murky and sinister world of crime, is her straight-laced and intuitive office assistant Edith Sparshott. 
An der Nordseek¸ste|2010|The documentaries portray the diverse forms of life along the coastlines of the various North Sea states and the changes that these are subject to, whether it be the effects of climate change on the quality of seawater, the animal kingdom and coastal formations, the consequence of young people migrating from the coast to cities, the increase in tourism accompanied by new hotel complexes, or even the effects of unemployment. Each film marks a stage of a journey along the different coastlines and dwells on central questions such as: have the changes that have occurred in coastal regions over recent decades completely altered people's attitudes towards life? Is there perhaps such a thing as a convectional North Sea identity? Or do the inhabitants of the individual North Sea states prefer to dissociate themselves from one another? 
Ana Cheri's Booty Boot Camp|2017|Camp is in session. Three moms- Kristin, Nicole, and Teri- begin a fitness journey to reclaim their bodies, booties, and their confidence. Instagram stars and fitness pros Ana Cheri and Ben Moreland guide them through an intense 12 week program that will test their limits. In order to succeed, these three strangers will need to learn how to work as a team. 
Ana y los 7|2002|"Ana y los 7" narrates the life and the illusions of Ana, a showgirl who is employed at a club by night, who dreams of being employed at the world of the showbussiness, and of turning into a star of the cinematographic universe. Ana spent her infancy in an orphanage, she did not know a family and her more intimate longing is to form her own. For a chance, she comes to Fernando Hidalgo's house, a banker with seven children: Carolina, Nando, Amalia, Celia, Guille, Ale and LucÌa. Ana remains with the work, in spite of being employed furtively at the club by night. 
Anacostia Gold|2017|Aspiring gifted equeatrian inner-city African-American Shonda Robinson (Shonda) and best friend Karen Roetruck (Karr) who suffers from Leukemia convince over 2,000 residents of Anacostia D.C. to spend $4 a week apiece in a never seen before D.C. urban syndicate to pay for her decades long training and the purchase of a quality top Grand Prix Olympian Thoroughbred stallion that results in her shattering the glass ceiling and competiting in the 2024 Los Angeles Summer Olympics putting voiceless U.S. people of color on the medal stand beside her. 
Anacostia Posse|2017|Eight-year-old latchkey horse crazy African-American Shonda Robinson walks 38 miles from the S.E. D.C. with terminally ill (leukemia) best friend Karr to make their professional riding dreams comes true by becoming first blacks to compete and medal in the Summer Olympics Equestrian Competition. Their trial by fire starts as childhood daydreams of riding give way to real life dangerous gang violent streets of Fort Grebel, where they must use their street smarts to get out of harms way and reach their goal. Their opponents are people, businesses and societal racism, class warfare and Shon's search for her ancestral origins combined with a surprising set of patrons to Anacostia at-risk kids show the stakes could not be higher for all concerned. Think 42 and Race meet When We Rise and The Horse Masters. 
Anacostia|2009|DeAnna and Desiree' seek the help from their cousin Melissa who tells them what happened to Sean. Later, DeAnna blames herself for what has happened to both Mia and Sean. Maurice agrees to visit with Jennifer at the psychiatric. Jennifer begs Maurice to forgive her for shooting both him and Mia which placed her in a coma. Jennifer doesn't remember the incident...or does she? Nancy visits with her brother Michael and tries to make peace with him. However, Michael has other plans. Evan meets with Carlos and asks him for yet another favor. Michael starts to unravel and takes drastic matters into his own hands regarding Mia. 
Anak Merdeka|2017|Three children observe a kampung descend into mayhem when the donations collected for Tunku Abdul Rahman's second trip to London go missing. Things get even more chaotic as people start pointing fingers, and only the three children can save the day. 
Analog in Vienna|2016|Fanta 4, the biggest name in German Hip Hop, have accomplished everything. Well, ALMOST EVERYTHING - In the 44 minute pilot episode of Analog in Vienna they face their biggest challenge to date: Record their legacy of music, directly to vinyl, in just one take in front of an intimate crowd of adoring fans. The location? Supersense, Vienna. A hidden gem at the heart of the Europe, which remains one of the only places in the world to offer this unique style of recording. This project is the brainchild of Vienna's own virtuoso, Hubertus von Hohenhole; TV host and photographer. Hubertus is bringing the biggest acts in music to his city and challenging them to push their creative limits by engaging in an antiquated, authentic and rare method of recording. ONE RECORD, ONE TAKE. NO DIGITAL TRICKS, NO EDITING, NO SECOND CHANCES. A unique live performance in an intimate environment. The sound captured through authentic style analog recording - the journey captured through Hubertus' photography and modernized documentary storytelling. THIS IS ANALOG IN VIENNA. Iconic German hip-hop group Die Fantastischen Vier mixes the past and present, taking hip-hop back to its block party roots by cutting a live record straight to vinyl in a single take with just two days to prepare and rehearse the set list. 
Anamnesis|2015|Hannah has a vision of her boyfriend's death on the same night he's murdered. Sean, bored with his waking life, can't wait to escape into his lucid dreams. And Noah, a struggling composer, begins to lose his grasp on reality. The lives of these three strangers are about to collide in the mysterious world of lucid dreaming. 
Ananda|2012|The series is a cross between a romantic comedy and a crime (con) series. It tells the story of Anna, a 40 year old woman who just ended a relationship back in Israel, and is traveling in India with two younger Israeli Arabs, Amir and Omar, whom she just met in India. The charming Amir and Omar, who seem eager for her to join them in their travels, eventually make a sort of sting operation on her, and disappear with her money. What makes it even worse, is the fact that Anna fell in love with one of them. 
Anarch-Sea Rules!|????|Follow the bizarre and trouble magnetised chronicles of brothers Vince and Kobe on their quest to obtain Punk Rock stardom, letting nothing stop them. Apart from maybe learning to play and struggling to grab that "big break", but hey, give them time, surely they'll get there. 
Anarchy Online: The Animated Series|2001|The excellent animated series running concurrently with the game, elaborating on the story and providing a context for the events, missions, characters, dungeons, monsters, items, and other story-related content that players will encounter in the game. 
Anash and the Legacy of the Sun-Rock|2007|While Anash seeks spiritual help on a mountain ledge, Kole discovers slavers taking captives south to the Russian settlement at Yu Tatoosh. Anash and Kole disagree on whether to resort to violence or plan to out-smart those at the Russian settlement. Instead, posing as criminals, the boys infiltrate the slavers camp and bide their time for a chance to free the captives as they travel to Yu Tatoosh. 
Anastasia|1993|This series features Anastasia, a young beautiful girl who has a relationship with both a young man and his father. When she learns the truth about the two men she is connected to, she does nothing to straighten things out, so things start to get really complicated... 
Anata no tonari ni dare ka iru|2003|Behind the kindly face of retired model Matsumoto Azusa (Natsukawa Yui) lie the murky depths of her past (including a Summer-long affair with Kuo Shunsuke (Kitamura Kazuki) and his tragic end), but her quiet life as an understanding housewife to husband Matsumoto Otaru (Santamaria Y˚suke) and devoted mother to her daughter, Suzu (Yamada Natsumi) lend Azusa the will to move on. However, when Otaru mysteriously inherits a house from his estranged father, the dream of peaceful domestic life becomes a nightmare. Apparitions appear to Azusa alone, causing others to think she has lost her mind and dismiss her declarations of danger; she regularly finds their front door unlocked, sometimes even ajar; neighbors are abnormally strict and turn spiteful when an infraction occurs, and the most unnerving; she feels the eyes of her former lover following her constantly, though he's been dead for five years. The inner conflict these events incur is intensified when Azusa is introduced to her neighbor, Sawamura Kazuma, who is a facsimile of Shunsuke. Azusa finds herself questioning her past choices, her lifestyle, her very reality while cruel situations devolve into catastrophe. 
Anatole|1998|When a neighbouring mouse mayor comes to visit, the whole village gets a lesson on how to handle a bully! Both Mayor Soucy and his son Pascal turn out to be first class bullies... Soucy bullies Pamplemousse and Anatole on a hair-raising trip. The balloon finally comes to rest in a tree, and who do they find there but Paul! Pascal dared him to climb the tree, and he couldn't get back down again. Both Paul and Pamplemousse agree that you shouldn't let a bully make you do something you don't want to do. 
Anatomy for Beginners|2005|Controversial anatomist Dr. Gunther von Hagens shows the beauty of the human body and shows the mysteries of our own bodies. In each episode is a human dissection, carried out by Dr. Guther von Hagens along side him is pathologist Professor John A. Lee. 
Anatomy of a Takedown|2009|In October 2002, terror grips Washington, DC. A sniper is on the loose, the victims are random, the motive a mystery. As casualties mount, police face a chilling reality: it's not one but two, they're mobile and determined not to be caught. 
Anatomy of an Antihero 2|2017|Franck Denard arrives in San Diego, California. He's greeted by Officer Johnson who is responsible for his security. Knowing about Franck's arrival in San Diego, Malandrain has his henchmen spying on him as he plans his revenge. Dr. Brown, the American colleague of Dr. Vancopen has been assigned to continue conducting more physical tests on Franck. Later, he decides to travels to Los Angeles to go sightseeing in order to take his mind off of all the stress in his life. During his sightseeing, he meets a woman named Kim, who will help him find sense of his life. 
Anatomy|2008|BRAIN is an intimate and moving documentary about artist and poet Jamie Daddo. The film explores how changes in his brain after an accident, impacted on his creative pursuits as well as his relationship with his twin brother, TV personality Andrew Daddo. 
Anazvara|2016|Megha and Lakkhana are brothers who alive for thousands of years in Sri Lanka. Presently they are going different ways Lakkhana is the younger brother and he is choose wrong path for living,he makes stealing his life,but Megha is very responsible person and he do every thing to stop his brother's bad works.Mainly they are hiding their identity and what they capable of from the world and live ordinary life in Sri Lanka.But one day Dr.Ruwan got hit by motorcycle and make him half dead and Megha help him, this incident change their Whole Life. 
Anaz‚|2012|Twenty-six years ago, in a third-year classroom of a middle school, there was a student named Misaki. As an honors student who was also good at sports, the charming boy was popular with his classmates. When he suddenly died, his classmates decided to carry on as if he was still alive until graduation. Then, in the spring of 1998, a boy named Sakakibara Kouichi transfers to that classroom, and he grows suspicious of the fearful atmosphere in that classroom. In particular, there is a beautiful, aloof girl named Mei Misaki who wears an eye-patch and is always alone drawing pictures. Twenty-six years ago, in a third-year classroom of a middle school, there was a student named Misaki. As an honors student who was also good at sports, the charming boy was popular with his classmates. When he suddenly died, his classmates decided to carry on as if he was still alive until graduation. Then, in the spring of 1998, a boy named Sakakibara Kouichi transfers to that classroom, and he grows suspicious of the fearful atmosphere in that classroom. In particular, there is a beautiful, aloof girl named Mei Misaki who wears an eye-patch and is always alone drawing pictures. (Summaries provided by ANN and AniDB) After an open-minded, pretty and careful young girl died, one of the classmates decides to keep acting as if she was still alive. After some time, they realize the boy's decision was a big mistake. Later, a new arriving student finds out about a serious curse that would affect everyone if he does not follow very precisely three rules. 
Ancestors Calling|2014|In 1804, the North West Company brought voyageurs, proprietors, interpreters, and clerks into the Rocky Mountain district near the present town of Jasper, Alberta. A new culture, traditions, and a way of life was born. The indigenous Shuswap and Beaver Indians intermingled with the new French, Scottish and Iroquois immigrants. The Mountain MÈtis, a horseback culture emerged from this unique blend of people. "Ancestors Calling" shares the rich culture through music and stories of award-winning musician Laura Vinson; a descendent of the early voyageur Louis Loyer. 
Anchor Baby|????|"Anchor Baby" the episodic television series is about Tommy Chu's continued insatiable quest for normalcy in the chaotic world of the Asian-American assimilation experience, while fighting for his independence in his quirky and volatile family's Chinese restaurant. In the "Anchor Baby" TV series, all of the original character dynamics developed in the "Anchor Baby" feature film come full circle, as Tommy and wife, Betty, now face all new high stakes as they have their own family to raise. Tommy is now running the family restaurant, which he is shocked to find out is about to be seized by the I.R.S. He reluctantly continues to partner with his secretive and diabolical parents in running the restaurant, having to come up with weekly harebrained schemes throughout the series to hold the family restaurant and his livelihood together, while living his mantra, 'Pain is inevitable, suffering is optional.' Anchor Baby the feature and TV series are drawn directly from Shamus' own 1st generation Asian-American heritage involving family experiences and biographical adaptations for film and TV, which mirrors his own as well as others' experiences, and whose demographic represents the fastest growing demographic in the U.S.: the 1st generation of "Hapa" or mixed Asian-American emerging population. Anchor Baby's plot was also supplemented in development from experiences derived from Shamus' spending 2 years tutoring at risk gang affiliated teens in South Central Los Angeles, (A Place Called Home), many of whose families faced serious immigration/assimilation issues. 
Ancient Aliens|2009|Demonic seduction... hybrid offspring... and strange abductions. In cultures throughout the world, there are tales of intimate encounters with otherworldly beings. But could these stories be more than just mythology? Scientific deconstruction of human genetic makeup has revealed that our origins are not what we once believed. Biologists have determined that early humans mated with several other species of intelligent hominids. Neanderthals, Denisovans, and a third--as of yet unidentified--species may also be represented in our DNA. Is it possible that tales spanning from fallen angels to Greek gods, medieval incubus and succubus to today's extraterrestrial sexual encounters are all one in the same? And if so, is it all part of a greater agenda? Might examining these experiences provide not only evidence of extraterrestrial sexual intervention in the remote past, but also reveal the true nature of mankind's origins? 
Ancient Apocalypse|2001|Civilisations throughout history have risen and fallen. And some have been lost forever to the forces of the natural world. This four part miniseries looks at how the forces of nature caused the destruction of some of the world's greatest empires. 
Ancient Assassins|2016|Alexander the Great, one of history's most legendary warriors, is determined to outdo the legacy of his hero, Hercules. He plans an audacious attack on the barbarian tribes living in the Bactrian mountains so he can travel to India and become ruler of the world. 
Ancient Black Ops|2014|It's time to re-enter the dangerous and secretive world of elite covert special ops forces in this brand new and UK exclusive second series of Black Ops.Black Ops reveals the highly-trained units that are designed to carry out high-risk military operations to terminate the world's most wanted men, eliminate terrorists, and ultimately protect innocent people's lives.These operations are hazardous and when they go wrong result it can result in mass casualties and profound political consequences.In this second series there's a whole new batch of stories from the front line of the secret wars where the operations are fought behind enemy lines and the stakes are high. 
Ancient Civilizations|2017|What hidden knowledge lies in our ancient past? A team of renowned scholars has come together to go beyond the surface-level myths, artifacts, and mysteries found in ancient texts and lost cities from around the world. Journey through Eden and the Gnostic Garden to the Pyramids and the Tower of Babel to decipher the code scattered throughout ancient civilizations. Since times immemorial, humankind has searched for the answers to who we are, where we came from and why are we here. Embedded into ancient mythology and our forgotten history, is a code; a sort of silent language which has been lost to the ravages of time, waiting to be rediscovered by the most intrepid of seekers. In this series, we have gathered the brightest of luminaries who have dedicated their lives to unlocking these ancient secrets by poring through arcane texts, studying prehistoric artifacts, and exploring deep within ancestral sites. What they discovered could unlock the secrets of this code, restoring our connection with transcendence and paving the way for a new golden age. 
Ancient Discoveries|2003|The Romans created a hydraulic mining system that literally blew millions of tons of material away and ancient sappers dug under mega walls and brought a whole castle down. But how was this possible? And, the invention of gunpowder forever changed the way we mine--but who brought explosives into mines? In 1689 in Cornwall England, miner Thomas Eplsey invented gunpowder mining. The technique would eventually kill him--but it revolutionized how we mine today. 
Ancient Earth|2017|In this 3-part original and exclusive CuriosityStream series, travel back in time to visit the three most powerful extinction events in Earth's history. Only in the last blink of an eye have a variety of ancient sea creatures and land dwellers evolved to inhabit the Earth. This series explores the major events that wiped out between 70-90% of Earth's species developed during the Permian, Triassic and Cretaceous periods. Available in 4K only on CuriosityStream. 
Ancient Egyptians|2003|Each of the four separate episodes -rather independent chapters- presents some of the findings of Egyptology, largely in the form of realistically presented docudrama, a splendid spectacle by peplum-standards, yet unusually true and hence surprising for non-specialist viewers in various details. Remarkable is the revealed contrast between the image-building clichÈs presented by the official, mostly monumental sources, glorifying deified pharaohs' glorious reign and triumphs and 'celestial' deities, and the more mundane reality, deduced largely from other archaeological findings, showing more human vices, misery, crime... 
Ancient Healing|2016|This series, broadcast by Colors TV, takes viewers on a journey to the mystical Himalayan mountains where they discover an ancient lineage of master healers that knew the secrets to living longer, healthier, and happier lives. The show follows Dr. Pankaj Naram, chosen as current head of the unbroken Siddha-Veda lineage (which goes back more than 2,500+ years to Master Jivaka, personal physician for Buddha), and the people from around the world whose lives have been saved or changed dramatically as a result of the ancient healing secrets. The episodes reveal the 6 ancient healing instruments or methods which anyone can use to transform and improve the quality of their mind, body, and emotions. 
Ancient Impossible|2014|Is it possible the ancient world had geniuses greater than ours today? The greatest scientific discoveries involve huge leaps of imagination, but you have to leap from somewhere. We are on a quest to find the ancient Einsteins, and this journey takes us straight to the amazing library of Alexandria in Egypt. It wasn't just a library with books. It was a center of innovation and technology. It was the silicon valley of the ancient world. The ancient Greeks weren't so constrained by religion, so philosophers and inventors were free to think about how the world works. And it's because of this that what we now call science was born. So they weren't just inventing things. They were inventing the actual processes of science itself. 
Ancient Lives|1984|The stories of two ordinary workers--Kenhirkhopeshef, a dedicated scribe, and Paneb, a volatile foreman--reveal how religious beliefs informed the everyday lives of the Egyptians. When Ramses III moved the royal court from Thebes to the delta, the close-knit tomb-makers' community began to split along class lines. 
Ancient Megastructures|2007|The incredible engineering stories behind three iconic ancient buildings: the Colosseum, the Great Pyramid of Giza and Chartres Cathedral. We tell the history of the people who built them: where they came from, how they lived, and how they managed to erect some of the greatest structures ever built by man. Using ground-breaking computer graphics and dramatic construction, this series shows in intimate detail how these buildings were conceived and constructed in an age before modern technology. 
Ancient Mysteries|1994|It was a myth first told by Plato in the late 4th century B.C. - a dramatic tale of a powerful civilization living on an island that one day mysteriously disappeared underneath the rolling waves of the Atlantic. In the many thousands of years that have passed since Plato's time, questions about the fabled city under the sea have continued to captivate millions across the globe. Did the island of Atlantis really exist, and, if so, where? Throughout the ages, Atlantis has been linked to the island of Bimini, the Canary Islands, Santorini, and Troy, among other places. In this fascinating program, join renowned historians as they examine the many theories surrounding this timeless legend. 
Ancient Plastic Surgery|2005|Reshaping our bodies using plastic surgery seems a wonder of modern medicine. But new evidence suggests that people have been surgically altering themselves for thousands of years. This two-hour special discovers nose restorations, breast reductions, eyelid tucks, face lifts, counter-circumcision and even a sex-change were all being carried out two thousand years ago. Natasha Hidvegi, a young surgeon, is fascinated by the fact that modern techniques and tools were used by early doctors and, traveling to India, Egypt and Rome to quiz experts, she investigates how far each civilization had advanced towards today's plastic surgery. This feature length documentary discovers that nose restorations, breast reductions, eyelid tucks, face lifts, counter-circumcision and even a sex-change were all being carried out thousands of years ago. 
Ancient Roads from Christ to Constantine|2015|A Six Hour Series Join author and distinguished history professor Jonathan Phillips of Royal Holloway, University of London, as he takes viewers on a spectacular and dramatic twelve thousand mile journey of a lifetime, traveling the ancient roads to the very places where Christianity began. Ancient Roads from Christ to Constantine is a captivating adventure through four centuries and seven countries in the Middle East, North Africa, and Europe. 
Ancient Rome: The Rise and Fall of an Empire|2006|In 52 BC, at the town Alesia in Gaul, Caesar conquers an army of 250.000 Gauls with a troupe of only 40.000 men. After 8 years of war all of Gaul is now in Roman hands. Because of this Caesar should disband his army, but instead he marches towards Rome to conquer the city. According to him Rome is ruled by corrupt aristocrats, who just enrich themselves. In Rome the senators Cato and Marcellus persuade the retired general Pompey to lead the defense of the Republic. But Pompey has only 2 legions at his disposal, compared to the 11 legions of Caesar. His strategy is to leave Rome and to lure Caesar into a trap in Greece. When Caesar and his army enter into Rome on 17 January 49 BC, the city is abandoned. For one year Caesar has to fight Pompey's Hispanic legion in the west, before he can go off to fight Pompey in the east. Caesar's plan is to surprise Pompey in Dyracchium in May 48 BC, but for the very first time he loses the battle. When he meets Pompey again, in Pharsalus in August 48 BC, Caesar's army consists of only 22.000 infantry and 1.000 cavalry against Pompey's 45.000 infantry and 6.000 cavalry. The senator Marcellus forces Pompey to start the battle immediately. Caesar quickly penetrates Pompey's strategy, and conceives a more clever counter-strategy himself. Caesar wins the battle as well as the last battle at Munda. He returns in triumph to Rome, where he becomes Dictator for life, the first Emperor of Rome. In March 44 BC he is murdered by a conspiracy of enemies. 
Ancient Top 10|2016|The ancient Greeks are credited in the western world for inventing philosophy, democracy, and...robotics? Pioneering technological inventors, the ancient Greeks created inventions that were seemingly impossible: an ancient death ray constructed by Archimedes, Heron's automatic doors, Philon's ingenious use of robotics. 
Ancient Voices|1998|From tracking the first Americans to Egypts lost city, El Dorado, Stonehenge and many other fascinating historical places secrets are revealed on this 4 DVD set. 11 Timeless wonders.... 1) Tracking the first Americans 2) Egypt's Lost City 3) Cahokia: America's Lost City 4) Seeking Noah's Flood 5) In Pursuit of the Holy Grail 6) Traders of the Dead Sea Scrolls 7) The Secret of Stonehenge 8) Riddle of Nubia's Tomb 9) The Mystery of the Taj Mahal 10) Astecs: Inside the Hidden Empire 11)The Search for El Dorado 
Ancient Voices/Modern World|2008|National Geographic ventures into the rain forest with Wade Davis for an up-close look at the Barasana river people, a group believed to be descendents of the legendary "lost" Amazonians. Davis embarks on a symbolic journey that will honor the group's ancestors and witnesses the rituals that demonstrate respect for this tropical landscape. 
Ancient Warriors|1994|20-part documentary series from the Discovery Channel. Each half-hour episode looks at a major fighting people or force and charts the reasons for their rise to dominance and subsequent fall. The show explores the motivations of ancient soldiers, as well as how they lived, fought, trained, died, and changed the world. It also uses battle re-enactments and computer graphics to demonstrate military strategy. 
Ancient Worlds|2010|In the last of the series, Richard Miles examines the rise and fall of the Roman Empire. At the height of its power, the Roman Empire extended the benefits of its civilization to a 60 million citizens and subjects in a swathe of territory that extended from Hadrian's Wall to the banks of the Euphrates. But the material benefits of the 'good order' delivered by Roman rule provided its citizens and subjects with the security to ask profound questions about the meaning of life, questions that the pragmatic, polytheistic Roman belief system was ill-equipped to answer. 
Ancient X-Files|2010|"The Ark" examines the theory that the Lost Ark of the Covenant can be found in the tunnels deep under Jerusalem's Temple Mount. "Secrets of the Dark Arts" examines a coded manuscript by Isaac Newton that suggest that he was close to discovering the Philosopher's Stone. 
Ancients Behaving Badly|2009|The king of Macedonia considered himself a god; his admirers called him a military genius; his enemies considered him the devil. He used weapons of mass destruction of his day to defeat his enemies. What drove his quest for world domination and led him to massacre tens of thousands, including women and children and members of his own family? 
Anclados|2015|Comedy about the daily lives of a semiluxury cruise's crew and the committed situations that will lead their life together in this vast floating city. Thus we find the captain of the ship and its new manager who is his former hated partner; the inept former manager trying to recover his position; a high class passenger forced by circumstances to live with the workers of the ship; a cleaning worker so class-conscious; a security chief with many social prejudices sharing cabin with an ex-waiter; a Chinese-Catalan in love with is country of origin and totally given to the manager; a nitwit cheerleader who still expects success on stage and the captain and manager's teenage daughter. 
And Everything Nice|1949|Hosted by noted fashion figure Maxine Barrat, this program offered women around the country weekly tips on makeup and fashion for each new season, as well as updates on all the newest clothing fashions and style trends coming from the top designers in New York and Paris. 
And Here's the Show|1955|A short-running program to fill in the slot left by The George Gobel Show when it went on summer break. Starring Jonathan Winters and Ransom Sherman, the program featured humorous monologues by the two hosts, followed by various skits by a number of guest stars and other comic acts, as well as a different musical number each week. 
And Quiet Flows the Don|2006|With World War I, the Bolshevik Revolution, and the Russian Civil War as backdrop, it's an old-fashioned, blood-and-guts narrative, filled with earthly humor and a wealth of colorful characters. The story concerns the fluctuating fortunes of Grigory Melekhov, a young Cossack who is both a hero and a victim of the uprising. 
And Then There Were None|2015|It's 1939 and Europe teeters on the brink of war. Ten strangers are invited to Indian Island, an isolated rock near the Devon coast in southern England. Cut off from the mainland, with their generous hosts Mr and Mrs U.N. Owen mysteriously absent, they are each accused of a terrible crime. As each member of the party starts to die one by one, the survivors realize that one of them is a killer and start to turn on each other. It's 1939 and Europe teeters on the brink of war. Ten strangers are invited to Soldier Island, an isolated rock near the Devon coast in southern England. Cut off from the mainland, with their generous hosts Mr and Mrs U.N. Owen mysteriously absent, they are each accused of a terrible crime. As each member of the party starts to die one by one, the survivors realize that one of them is a killer and start to turn on each other. August 1939. Ten people find themselves on Soldiers Island, off the Devon coast. They have been invited there or hired to work there by Mr and Mrs Owen. The Owens are nowhere to be found. At dinner on the first evening a recording announces that they are all murderers, lists their victims, and says that they have been sentenced to death. Then, somebody starts murdering them, one by one. 
And Then They Came|2015|"And Then They Came" is the story of 2 young men as they survive among the woods, running from something much bigger than they think. They deal with conspiracy and their past in order to solve the mystery of the Goverbment's collapse, as well as save themselves. "And Then They Came" is a 3 Episode Mini-Series written by Cameron Gallagher and Greg Boyea and Directed by Cameron Gallagher 
And the Big Men Fly|1974|The year is 1963. The East Melbourne Crows are a football team that hasn't had much success. They haven't won a premiership in 30 years. Their players are not much good and they need to find some new talent. President JJ Forbes sends his assistant Wally out into the country to find some new players. Unfortunately Wally doesn't manage to find anyone, but on the way back to the city his car breaks down near the farm of Achilles Jones - a typical country farmer who likes the farm work, has no real interest in the outside world but he has the ability to drop kick full wheat bags across the shed with his bare feet. JJ and Wally manage to bring him to Melbourne when the real fun begins..... 
And the Nominees Are|2013|A successful career woman is under the gun to find a husband. Katrina (Faralyna Idris) is a successful woman but has an overbearing mother, Puan Kamariah (Maria Tunku Sabri), who gives Katrina a deadline to find a husband or she will have to marry Haris (Anding Indrawani), the son of a friend. Determined to find a man on her own terms, Katrina enlists the help of her friend, Shai (Janna Nick), and Miss Pooja (Susan Lankester), the owner of a matchmaking agency. 
Andaaz|2013|What better way to start off the season with some food, wine and chocolate? We take you to Napa, California and all the way to New York City where we get to chat with Madhur Jaffrey. Get ready to excite your taste buds! 
Andariego|2013|Andariego, Spanish for "wanderlust," is an adventure travel documentary for TV. It exposes the viewer the lesser known places and unbelievable sceneries the Dominican Republic, including hidden beaches, unscaled mountains, pristine rivers, unexplored paths, and of course, the magnificent people. Andariego shows one of the top destination spots in the Caribbean in a way that no one else has done before, and at the same time, it helps empower communities that do not have sufficient resources to promote their natural treasures. As such, Andariego is the only show of its kind to promote a love for travel while returning the love to its roots. 
Andere Tijden|2000|In 1999 it was made public that the party of former Chancellor of Germany 'Helmut Kohl (I)' (qv), the CDU, had received illegal funding. Host 'Hans Goedkoop' (qv) rhetorically asks if something like this would be possible in the Netherlands and answers by presenting the story of the royal ribbon affair of 1909. 'Jeroen Koch' (qv) tells that an Amsterdam merchant, a Mr. Lehmann, wanted a royal ribbon, asked prime minister Abraham Kuyper, got one in 1903 and donated 11,000 "thank you" guilders to Kuyper's party ARP a year later. In 1909, this was made public, which ended Kuyper's political career. The next historic tale is not that long ago, only twenty years. It's the story of the squatter riots in Amsterdam in 1980 that ended with tanks driving through the barricades the squatters had made. Several people involved in the decision-making about how to deal with the squatters and their sympathizers after they'd already chased away a group of riot control officers tell what the considerations were in that thrilling weekend in March 1980. 
Anderson Cooper 360∞|2003|Anderson Cooper is live from Cairo as unrest erupts after President Hosni Mubarak announces that he will not seek reelection. Reports look at how media members are targeted by pro-Mubarak crowds in Egypt and how U.S. State Department has put out an advisory to Americans in Egypt. 
Anderson|2011|This show had a guest who suffered from Extreme OCD that washes her hands 50+ times a day, washes her laundry and dishes over and over, and even felt a fear that her own mom was contaminated. This show discusses what it was like to live in the virtual "prison" of Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD), how this can effect the family, and the possibility of treatment and what that could look like. 
Andes to Amazon|2000|Andes to Amazon is an exploration of the exciting, diverse and unique wildlife that inhabits the dramatic landscapes of the vast South American continent. It's a land of great extremes, stretching from the Antarctic to the Equator. It has the planet's greatest river system, longest mountain chain, biggest and richest rainforest and driest desert. Using the latest camera techniques, including infrared night-vision cameras, rarely seen animals are revealed, whilst a specialist aerial cameraman soars over the continent, revealing an entirely new perspective on its varied and dramatic landscape. 
Andesu shÙnen Pepero no bÙken|1975|On their 3rd. day of journey, Pepero and his friends have an encounter with Chuchu, a little boy who works as an acrobat at a small circus. He had joined the circus in the hope of finding his long lost sister (due to the fact that his mother had died some years ago). After realizing he had been exploited, Chuchu disses his work at the circus and joins the adventure to find El Dorado with his new friends. 
Andi Mack|2017|A contemporary coming-of-age story about a girl who's trying to determine where she fits in, when her free-spirited older sister returns with a revelation that changes everything, it sends Andi on an uncharted course of self-discovery. 
Andorra. Entre el torb i la Gestapo|2000|Subtitled ®Entre el torb i la Gestapo® (between the Torb and the Gestapo). The story of the cooperation of the the French resistance, the people of Andorra and Catalunya in aiding the escape of the survivors of a RAF plane crash carrying essential information back to British Intelligence via Barcelona during the 2nd world war. The Torb is a fierce winter wind that blows through the mountain passes of Andorra between France and Spain. Based on true events. 
Andra Avenyn|2007|Second Avenue (Andra avenyn) is a swedish tv-series about an ex-prisoner, his sexually confused boxing-son, his on and off again christian girlfriend, her father who is a priest, his friend who is a psychiatrist, his foster child who is a teen mom, the father of her child who is a boxing muslim, and many more. 
Andrew Marr's History of the World|2012|Andrew Marr's History of the World is a 2012 BBC documentary television series presented by Andrew Marr that covers 70,000 years of world history from the beginning of human civilisation, as African nomadic peoples spread out around the world and settled down to become the first farmers, up to the twentieth century. 
Andrew's Games|2016|Sick of destroying zombies the old-fashioned way? Watch as Andrew tries out the best weapons from your favorite games like the Halo Needler, Minecraft sword, Doom blaster, Star Wars lightsaber, Super Mario fireball, and Thor's hammer. There's more than one way to explode a zombie. 
Andrija i Andjelka|2015|Andrija i Andjelka , a couple in their mid thirties, are a typical example of what happens when a man and woman live together. Although they sincerely love each other, they often get on each others nerves, whether in the bedroom, at supermarket or at dinner with friends. 
Android Employed|2017|Android Employed is a four part series following the launch of the R500 robot. An extremely advanced, friendly worker robot, capable of learning and adapting to any new situation. These machines, the first in their kind to socially interact with humans, have been deployed to numerous industries and public sectors, including, retail, office work, parks and recreation, libraries, factories, and a whole number of businesses. A comedy first and foremost, this series raises ethical and philosophical questions regarding the introduction of an AI capable of changing how society as we know it, is run. 
Andromeda|2000|After being frozen in time for 300 years, captain Dylan Hunt and his sentient warship Andromeda sets out to restore peace and civilization to the known universe. With him is the crew of the ship that, with profit in mind and unknowing of her captain still being alive, salvaged Andromeda from the black hole keeping her suspended in time. Andromeda originally hid in the black hole after a big battle. When Captain Hunt wakes up he realizes that this battle was the beginning of an epic war and that the great civilization he was defending, the Commonwealth, has been eradicated from existence. He and his unlikely and sometimes unpredictable crew starts on a mission to once again bring hope to the galaxy. Dylan Hunt is the captain of the Andromeda Ascendant, a ship which serves in the military force of the Systems Commonwealth, a monarchy which spans several galaxies. Hunt and his ship are subsequently frozen for several centuries. Revived by a passing salvage ship, Hunt is horrified to find that the Commonwealth has collapsed and all known galaxies have descended into barbarism. Hunt decides to take his ship and crew on a trip around the cosmos to attempt to restore order to the known galaxies. Captain Dylan Hunt commands the sentient starship Andromeda Ascendent, representing the vast, utopian All-Systems Commonwealth. When the Nietzcheans betray the Commonwealth, he is forced to order his crew to abandon ship and to pilot the Andromeda into a black hole. When the salvage ship Eureka Maru pulls them out three hundred years later, he finds a universe in chaos, where the Commonwealth is a memory. Alone, with a mighty living warship, and a motley crew (composed of a salvage team, a mercenary from the species that betrayed the Commonwealth, and a monk from a species of savage predator), Captain Hunt will struggle to re-establish the Commonwealth and return civilisation to the three galaxies. 
AndrÈ Malraux: Les mÈtamorphoses du regard|1974|A conversation in 3 episodes between French novelist, art theorist and former Minister of Cultural Affairs AndrÈ Malraux, TV personality Pierre Dumayet and American Professor Walter G. Langlois about themes connecting art from Antiquity to our time, filmed in June and July 1973 at Malraux's home in France. Followed by a fourth episode consisting of an interview conducted by Professor AndrÈ Parrot about Sumerian civilization and Malraux's "Imaginary Museum", and filmed on May 23, 1973 at the Maeght Foundation. 
Andy Pandy|2002|When Andy Pandy sees a brightly colored feather lying on the Green, Andy Pandy thinks this would be a perfect present for Looby Loo. But the feather is blown out of Andy Pandy's reach until Looby Loo comes out and has the feather in her hair. It blew in through her window! 
Andy Parks Live|2012|Andy Parks has been a part of Washington radio for over thirty years. He has worked as a disc jockey, music director, program director, operations manager, airborne traffic reporter and a morning show host. In fact, his first job required he read the 2 o'clock news, clean the studio and take out the trash. He's come a long way, but Patty, his wife of 30 plus years, still makes him take out trash. While majoring in accounting, data processing and computer programming Andy changed course and headed to the field of radio. His father claimed he would never be successful and this proved to drive him even harder. Along his career path he has been recognized for outstanding public service many times by our military, government agencies and community groups. He has played a significant role in raising tens of millions of dollars for Children's Hospital, The Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, Fisher House Foundation and others. Andy was nominated by the National Association of Broadcasters as "Major Market Personality of the Year" in 2007 and 2008. In July of 2011 he was named as the new Director of Radio Broadcasting for the Washington Times. His new show, "Andy Parks, Live from the Washington Times airs locally on 730 am WTNT weekdays from 3-6pm. 
Andy Richter Controls the Universe|2002|Andy is a short story writer, who makes his living by working at a huge faceless company in present day Chicago, writing Technical Manuals. In his active, fertile, writer's imagination, we see (and hear as he narrates) the stories of his daily life, as they should be, could be, might be, and even actually how they are. Andy shares his office with the company's newest employee, and Andy's newest friend, the frail, jumpy, odd, loveable Byron. Also inhabiting Andy's world is his best friend Keith, who is "so good looking" that Andy must fight his own "prejudice against the 'attractive,' who seem to get everything they want, unlike ordinary humans." Supervisor Jessica is also Andy's longtime friend and uses her lightening sharp tongue to keep the group out of, or at times, to get the group INTO trouble. The newer receptionist Wendy (Irene Molloy, "Grosse Pointe"), whom Andy first had a crush on, is dating Keith (somewhat proving Andy's "Attractive Theory"). 
Andy Warhol: The Complete Picture|2001|ANDY WARHOL: THE COMPLETE PICTURE is the definitive account of the life and work of the most enigmatic and influential artist of the late twentieth century. Over 60 interviews with Warhol's close friends, collaborators, Superstars, Factory cohorts and family, as well as distinguished philosophers, art historians and cultural commentators, constitute a documentary profile unprecedented in its depth, range and scale. The series boasts unique access to the Warhol Foundation's rich and extensive archives, previously unseen private home-movie footage, audio-tapes as yet unheard, and extracts from Warhol's legendary film experiments, mysteriously withdrawn by the artist over 30 years ago. Warhol's intuitive grasp of, and influence on, the collapsing of high and low culture in the late twentieth century is reflected in the extraordinary range of participants in this series, who include ARTHUR DANTO, Professor of Philosophy at Columbia University, Blondie's DEBBIE HARRY, Hollywood maverick DENNIS HOPPER and fellow Warhol collector LORD ARCHER. Other contributors include artists JULIAN SCHNABEL, JEFF KOONS, PETER BLAKE, KENNY SCHARF, RONNIE CUTRONE and KOMAR and MELAMID; actors CRISPIN GLOVER, JOE DALLESANDRO, UDO KIER and JARED HARRIS; filmmakers PAUL MORRISSEY and JONAS MEKAS; musicians JOHN CALE and THE DANDY WARHOLS; New York socialite NAN KEMPNER, and guru of window dressing, SIMON DOONAN. Beginning with Warhol's death and the establishment of the Andy Warhol museum in Pittsburgh (the only museum dedicated to an American artist), it becomes immediately apparent as we sift through the vast treasure of archives that whether Warhol was sketching, painting, screen printing, photographing, filming, writing, publishing, tape recording, videotaping, or speaking on the telephone, that his entire life was his work, and that as an artist he was obsessed with documenting experience. 
Andy and Della Russell|1950|Hosted by and starring noted radio personality and musical talent Andy Russell, accompanied by his wife, Della. Together on this show that ran just five minutes between the evenings primary offerings, the pair performed renditions of current popular songs, backed by pianist Mort Lippman. After the first month of broadcasting, the show was renamed after the sponsoring company and became "Cook's Champagne Party". 
Andy and the Upside|2010|For 15-year-old Andy, life is getting difficult. He seems to be falling into all life's little potholes. Luckily, he's got a best friend like Shelley, who is always there to remind him that no matter how bad things are, there's always an upside. Andy & The Upside chronicles the universal experience of teenage hood as lived by two misfits growing up in the suburbs of Canada. The show includes the everyday fears, humiliations and little triumphs that come along with adolescents. 
Andy's Africa|2014|Andy Coetzee learns about the Xomani(sp) San Bushmen. The 'Bushmen' are the oldest inhabitants of southern Africa, where they have lived for at least 20,000 years. Their home is in the vast expanse of the Kalahari Desert. The Bushmen are the remnants of Africa's oldest cultural group, 
Andy's Gang|1955|A TV Show where Andy, with a studio audience full of loud screaming kids, would show movies. At the opening of the show he had a puppet friend called "Froggy". To get the frog to appear Andy and the audience would have to scream "Plunk your Magic Twanger, Froggy". There would then be a big puff of smoke and the frog would appear. 
Andy's Prehistoric Adventures|2016|Andy works at a museum and has the use of a time machine to go back to prehistoric times to collect feathers, bones, dung or whatever else is needed in prehistoric displays for his museum. With the help of his backpack's contents he manages to keep himself safe and return back to the museum with the items he finds. 
Ang lihim ni Annasandra|2014|Topbilled by Andrea Torres as the titular character who is cursed as a child to turn every night into an "awok", a pig-type of "aswang". She tries to grow up living a normal life while keeping her curse a secret from anybody outside her family. 
Ange Vierge|2016|The story of the card game follows what happens when "Hairou" portals suddenly open, fusing five different worlds together. As a result, various mysterious "Exceed" powers are awakened in teen-aged girls. An academy for these so-called "Progress" girls is built on the isolated Seiran Island in the Pacific. 
Angel 'n' Devil|2014|At every turn, evil threatens to overtake good and rule the world. In a world known as the Copper Dimension, the K.O. Bad Girls are their last hope to fight off demons and other evil spirits and protect the people from being swallowed up by darkness. 
Angel Beats!|2010|Upon his death, Yuzuru Otonashi awakens into an afterlife high school where a group of student rebels, lead by Yuri Nakamura, take arms against a dispassionate adversary with supernatural powers whom they call Angel. Calling themselves Shinda Sekai Sensen (a.k.a. Afterlife Battlefront), they're in open rebellion against God for their crappy, unfulfilled and cruelly unfair lives (and against a projected reincarnated future as meager sea life, presumably barnacles or water fleas). Though no one can die since everyone's already dead, killings are nonetheless very painful experiences, with complete recovery to follow. The greatest fear in their struggle to maintain their humanity is obliteration (Angel's goal for them), from which there is no return. 
Angel Eyes|2014|A melodrama about a man and a woman who are each other's first loves, but get separated at childhood due to a painful family situation and meet again 12 years later. Yoon Soo Wan is legally blind woman who gets her vision back after receiving a corneal transplantation in an operation and decides to embrace life with passion by becoming an emergency rescue worker who is known not only by the fire department, but also by the local hospital. She is a tomboyish character who still fondly remembers her first love from 12 years ago. 
Angel Falls|1993|After her father passes away, Rae Dawn Snow decides to pack up and move back to Angel Falls, her home town in the woods of Montana. Coming back to her roots, she rekindles an old romance with Eli Harrison, while her 16-year-old son strikes up a relationship with Eli's daughter. Eli's wife Genna, meanwhile, has grown tired of her marriage has gone to seek solace in the arms of one of the ranch hands. The show followed the twisted interrelations as they grew increasingly tangled. 
Angel Grove High|2017|Jeffrey Ken has a news show for his school called Today in Angel Grove where he gives the latest news about things in going on Angel Grove. First, he reports on the appearance of the superhero team known as the Power Rangers. Then, he talks to Math Club member, Billy Cranston about the competition they are going on. Finally, he interviews Bulk about his latest antics. 
Angel Street|1992|Detectives King and Paretsky are a pair of female homicide detectives (the only ones, in fact), stationed at an out- of-the-way station in the bad part of Chicago. The show primarily played off the 'buddy' aspect of the characters, as King was a college-educated black woman on the fast track, while Paretsky was a working-class white single mother. In addition the two also had to deal with the Neanderthal attitudes of the male officers in their station. 
Angel Town|????|AngelTown is a hybrid police investigative courtroom drama that exposes the sexy, crime-riddled underbelly of Hollywood, one case at a time. Through the eyes of a unique LAPD task force and team of attorneys, AngelTown will follow each "crime of the week" from commission to investigation to courtroom adjudications. The audience will have a window into the A-list crime world, where celebrities, power agents, connected Beverly Hills hookers, Hollywood newbies or any combination of Hollywood players get involved in crime, corruption, cover-up, or worse. Like Law and Order, we'll rip cases from the headlines. Like Entourage, we'll spend time on the beaches, in the studio back-lots and throughout Beverly Hills. Like The Shield, we'll also venture down Hollywood alleys, CDC holding cells the seedy underbelly of LA, and the ugly side of Hollywood fame. 
Angel from Hell|2016|ANGEL FROM HELL is a single-camera comedy about Amy, a colorful, brassy woman who insinuates herself into the life of an organized and seemingly perfect young woman, Allison, claiming to be her "guardian angel." Allison is an intense, driven doctor who is sure that Amy is just an inebriated, outspoken nut, until every one of her warnings proves true. Cautioned by Amy not tell anyone about her, Allison can't discuss this over-the-top oddball with her father and business partner, Marv, a sunburned dermatologist who shares an office with Allison, or her younger brother, Brad, a pharmaceutical sales rep who lives in a guest room over her garage. As Allison tries to push Amy away, Amy makes her final pitch: her sole mission is to provide Allison with helpful guidance that nudges her in the right direction in life - and it's her final chance to prove herself as an angel. With that, Allison agrees to this unlikely relationship because maybe a weird friend is exactly what she needs... and what if Amy really is her "guardian angel"? 
Angel of Mercy|2014|ABI agent Levi Jacks, known to everyone as Jacks, is on the trail of a unique serial killer. He is forced to team up with Merc, who is as mysterious as the suspect they are chasing. Jacks quickly realizes everything is not as it seems. They must learn to work together before a new evil arises. 
Angel|1960|Angel has just moved to America from France after getting married to her sweetheart, John. Although she tries her best to be a loving and responsible housewife for her new husband, she frequently runs into problems, usually due to misunderstandings stemming from her poor command of the English language. 
Angel's Bay|2018|Angel's Bay is about a ex-cop (ANGEL PERRY) turned private investigator, who works against a corrupt police systems in Los Angeles. As a renegade private investigator, he lives on Catalina Island, off the shores of Los Angeles, where he helps the locals solve crimes on the island. 
Angel's Crying|2017|Living in a small god-fearing town Angel Meadows a teenage girl with rebellious religious beliefs survives a horrific accident notices that she is healing unusually fast. During a town event a simple injury causes everyone to discover that her touch can heal. The town then raises questions, is this a true god like miracle or something demonic. 
Angel's Friends|2008|The story centrates on a young angel Raph and her best angel friends as they guide eartheans to be their very best selves while fighting against demons which do everything to tempt the poor unsuspecting humans. This is all in a highschool day for our dear angels, but somewhere beneath it all, evil is brewing and plotting to take both, the secret and the human world, down with it... Will the angel save the day from a legend come to life? 
Angel's Revenge|2014|a very young girls trio escapes from a convent to meet boys on a disco. A pretty young nun go after them, entered disguised at disco and when she finds the missed sheep being forced for a boy, she don't hesitates and with a jump, lands her feet over the chest of the poor boy. If i tell you the nun is So Yi Yoon, you can say so what, surely remembering ARAHAN, SHADOWLESS SWORD and so. Less usual could sounds that So Yi don't repeat neither a single kick nor a fist in the 103 chapters. Angel s Revenge instead is a tearful story, with some enjoying characters, the hated Jang Taejong, notorious villain, the grand mother Gong, the nun, Sister Maria, returning to a civil Lee Seonyu, to investigate the murder of her sister, Lee JinYU. Its a touching, sometimes painful enormous movie where almost all the stars do right, but...øcan somebody explain why So Yi begins the movie kicking fine but never ever she defends herself against the frequents attacks ? 
Angela Anaconda|1999|Angela Anaconda and her three best friends Gordy, Gina, and Johnny are all a bunch of outcast individuals. The series focuses on the adventures that the friends have. Angela is the leader of the group who also has a vivid imagination. Gina is the stereotypical chubby girl. Johnny is the blue haired Elvis wannabe, and Gordy is the token nerd of the group. They assist Angela in her battles with her older brothers, and finding any way that they can stand up to the rich, French, teacher's pet, Nanette. 
Angela's Eyes|2006|Angela Henson is a straight As student with a loving family, and dreams of becoming a doctor. Then at age fourteen, Angela finds out that her parents are revealed to be CIA agents, suspected of treason for selling state secrets to the enemy. With her parents in prison, Angela's path takes her on a journey as an FBI agent in New York City, with a specialty for finding out when both suspects and victims are lying. However, the past still has an hold on Angela, making her suspicious of others, and closed-off to her new boyfriend Peter and younger brother, Jerry. No matter how much she tries to right the wrongs of her parents, she must still face them, and figure out whether or not they may possibly be sending her coded messages. 
Angelina Ballerina|2001|Alice gives Angelina a new gym bag, but when she mislays it, Alice thinks Angelina gave it away and doesn't appreciate her and the two friends fall out, until Henry finds the bag and Angelina and Alice make up./Angelina is a skilled hockey player, but girls are disallowed in the team. Angelina joins the team as a boy named Andy. Despite her cover blown, Angelina still makes her winning shot for the team. 
Angelina Ballerina: The Next Steps|2008|Join Angelina Ballerina and her friends for enchanting adventures filled with princesses, princes, kings and queens. Dancing their way through Chipping Cheddar, Angelina encounters an evil witch, uncovers a Cinderella-like mystery, treats the king and queen to a regal performance, and brings an epic tale to life with her friends! 
Angelium|2004|Zeus is an old god that's always trying to have "fun" behind Hera's back. Three pretty angels have caught his eye and he'll do anything to explore the possibilities of an angelic night of eros. But he's got to be sly or Hera will have his head. Perhaps it's time to put these angels through some challenges on Earth where Zeus might be able to go unnoticed. 
Angelmouse|1999|While Quilly the bird is hanging up his washing in windy weather, a mouse tumbles out of the sky and sends Quilly and his washbasket to fall on the ground. The mouse tells Quilly that he goes to angel school and is learning to become an angel. 
Angelo Rules|2010|At 11 years old, Angelo is a little young to be a called wise-guy but he's certainly well on his way. From elaborate plans to comic strategies, Angelo sweet-talks and works his way around his various adversaries and problems. He's a genius with a knack for getting out of trouble. He's a stop-at-nothing kind of kid, undaunted by any thing put in his way. The bigger the challenge, the bigger the plan. Angelo without a plan? Unthinkable. Sure, he's got the usual obstacles - siblings, parents, and school rules. Who hasn't? He hasn't got any superpowers to rely on, just his wits. The main weapons in his arsenal are clever planning, irreverent attitude, a rebellious nature, optimism, and, most of all, charisma. Combine those traits with his two best friends, Sherwood, the king of logistics and Lola whose own enthusiasm can even eclipse Angelo's, and you've got a winning trio. With a knowing smile and an arched eyebrow, Angelo can give you the lowdown on how to get exactly what you want. If you know what's good for you, you better listen closely. 
Angels Among Us|2011|Mechanic Bruce Van Natta is just seconds from heading home when the 12,000-pound logging truck he's working under crashes down on top of him. With massive internal injuries, he can feel his life slipping away until two identical angels appear above him, setting off an unbelievable series of events. 
Angels from Hell|2016|Two kids have a sleepover and wake up over a gunshot, they realize that their parents are gone and can't call them. They head outside and get a revolver to protect themselves with and when they run in to something they find out that it's not a person, it's a walker. 
Angels in America|2003|God has abandoned Heaven. It's 1985: the Reagans are in the White House and Death swings the scythe of AIDS. In Manhattan, Prior Walter tells Lou, his lover of four years, he's ill; Lou bolts. As disease and loneliness ravage Prior, guilt invades Lou. Joe Pitt, an attorney who is Mormon and Republican, is pushed by right-wing fixer Roy Cohn toward a job at the Justice Department. Both Pitt and Cohn are in the closet: Pitt out of shame and religious turmoil, Cohn to preserve his power and access. Pitt's wife Harper is strung out on Valium, aching to escape a sexless marriage. An angel invites Prior to be a prophet in death. Pitt's mother and Belize, a close friend, help Prior choose. 
Angels in Paradise|2014|Blake Vaas controls an empire throughout Los Angeles which includes gambling, stolen art, political corruption and the most prestigious high-class escort service in the city, Angels In Paradise, also known as AIP. Every day, the most beautiful girls in the world flock to the "City of Angels" to chase their dreams. However, when they find what awaits them has little to do with anything heavenly, AIP is often their next stop. When dedicated LAPD and FBI agents combine forces and begin an intense investigation into his empire, Blake will be thrust into the most dangerous journey of his life while he fights to protect all who rely on him. 
Angels|1975|This series was about six nursing students doing the then 3 year nursing course to. Exome state registered nurses . They are from all walks of life but all have to cope with the trials and tribulations of getting used to working with people and fellow nurses porters and doctors working in the hierarchical NHS of the seventies. It is in some sense a documentary drama and for those of us who trained in those times it brings back many real and happy memories . Anyone who has been a nurse for 30 years or so a must see nostalgic treat. It's actually very realistic in its portrayal of student nurse life before it was made into the academic course it now is 
Angely voyny|2012|World War II. Nazi-occupied Ukraine. Germans set up a camp called "Hope", a site of medical experiments on children. Twins are designated as experimental subjects. So when one of the twins, Petya, escapes from the camp, the Germans raise an alarm, trying to find the runaway. The life of the entire village turns to hell: partisans need to consider their hide-outs with extreme prudence, locals are suffering from inspections and local police are doing their best to find the escapee. The plot reveals Petya's life as well as a love story of a young couple. Under the constant threat of death, deceived and desperate, the characters will display an immense capacity for resistance. 
Anger Management|2012|Divorced former baseball player Charlie Goodson is now an anger management therapist. He has a teenage daughter with obsessive-compulsive disorder and he has a purely sexual relationship with his therapist and best-friend Dr. Kate Wales. But soon his ex-wife and daughter become his past family, as they are being replaced by what is a non-official but real and much more close of a family to him: his anger management group. Charlie is a former baseball player. In his final game, he gave himself a career-ending injury when he tried to snap a bat over his leg in anger. He becomes an anger management therapist and runs a successful private practice. His life is complicated by an ex-wife and a teenage daughter who has obsessive-compulsive disorder. 
Angie Tribeca|2016|A man is found dead in a dog park, but a finally healthy Lieutenant Atkins doesn't think Tribeca's ready to take the case. 
Angie|1979|Angie Falco is a middle class Italian-American who marries the wealthy Brad Benson, and she soon learns how to adjust to her new lifestyle the hard way! 
Angkeumhan Dolshingnyeo|2014|Na Ae-ra (Lee Min-jung) and Cha Jung-woo (Joo Sang-wook) got married young. Ae-ra wanted to have steady life but Jung-woo business led them to lots of debt and hard work so she broke off the marriage. A few years later, Ae-ra found out that Jung-woo business was successful and he became a millionaire while she was still paying debts that incurred during their marriage. Ae-ra came back for revenge but Jung-woo thought that Ae-ra wants him back because of this wealth. Na Ae-Ra married Cha Jung-Woo when they were young and idealistic: she wanted to be a housewife and mother and he wanted to do well in business. However, their dreams diverge when Jung-Woo suddenly invests in his own business without consulting Ae-Ra; the resulting debt he incurs forces her to work multiple jobs to keep them afloat. After a couple years of Jung-Woo's continued stagnant work prospects, they divorce, each believing the other is more at fault: she believing he broke his promises to take care of her, and he believing she was unsupportive of his dreams and angry at her resulting harsh treatment of him leading up to the divorce. Fast forward some years and it turns out Jung-Woo became a huge, profitable success in business and is living the high life, whereas Ae-Ra is still paying off debts from their marriage. They meet again under turbulent circumstances and their acrimonious feelings resurface, causing Ae-Ra to vow revenge against him for all the suffering she endured, and Jung-Woo to strive to expose her as the conniving gold-digger he believes her to be. 
Angkor: Land of the Gods|2013|Buddhists, Hindus, and hundreds of thousands of travelers from around the globe flock to Cambodia every year to experience the grandeur of Angkor. Its famous temples were built over the span of five centuries by the rulers of the Khmer Empire, and endure today as one of Earth's greatest archaeological wonders. Join us as we shed light on one of the most enigmatic, mesmerizing civilizations in the history of mankind. We peel away the myth and legend to uncover the hidden story behind the creation of this ancient city. 
Angling dharma|2000|Tells the story of a warrior named Angling Dharma (Anto Wijaya) wandering in the land of Java and rescued a girl daughter of a king from the shackles of supernatural beings. Finally as a gift, he made the husband. And later, because of his wisdom, he became a king inherited the throne in-law. Various obstacles and rebellion he faced. In cooperation with the warriors select a duel, he protect his country from the evil behavior. 
Angora by Night|2007|Late night sketch comedy talk-show featuring bizarre and surreal characters played out by the three Angora comedians: Simon Kvamm, Rune Tolsgaard and Esben Pretzmann. Broadcast three times weekly on Mon/Tue/Wed, with a "best-of-the-week" edition on Friday. 
Angry Alice|2018|A teen girl struggling with a mood disorder embarks on a journey of revenge after witnessing a tragic event involving her only friend. As her circumstances become increasingly perilous she begins to develop unexplained superhuman abilities. 
Angry Birds Blues|2017|Meet Blues Jake, Jay and Jim, rambunctious bluebird triplets with big ideas that wildly succeed or hilariously fail. But no matter what happens, this fun feathered trio ALWAYS bounces back - except when the Hatchlings show up. Cute, clueless and gullible, the lovable flock of baby birds unwittingly makes things worse for the Blues in the most adorable way. Unfazed, the brothers simply shake their smoldering tail feathers and try, try again. Whether it's building a clubhouse ordered from the Mighty Eagle Express, or getting a kite to fly, the Blues' crazy antics become unbelievable comic disasters you can't resist. Every day on Bird Island is an adventure for these unstoppable brothers. 
Angry Birds Stella|2014|Stella - the fierce and feisty bird from Angry Birds - joins her best friends Dahlia, Poppy, Willow and Luca for some fun new adventures! Together they explore, create, rock out and laugh...a lot! But just like in any friendship, strong personalities can sometimes clash. The important thing is that they always make up in the end...or do they? Gale is Stella's former best friend who flies down a darker path. She soon earns the nickname Bad Princess as she becomes power-hungry and obsessed with finding the mysterious Golden Egg - no matter what! Part of her wants to re-unite with her friends but she's blinded by pride, power and greed. She just needs to rediscover what's most important! Gale may have a shiny crown, but she's lost something much more precious...Stella and her other friends. 
Angry Kid|1999|Dustbin - Speccy is made an offer he can't "refuse"; Dolly - Angry Kid taps into his feminine side; Sofa Attack - Just when you thought it was safe to go back behind the sofa; Snail - A day at the races; Jackanory - Angry Kid has a Grimm tale to tell; Marathon Man - A dog is not just for Christmas. It's for Firework Night too!; Road Safety - Our hero has a brief encounter with a strange man in tights; Birdie - A Christmas message from our festive friend; What Are You Like? Dick Spoonfield, roving reporter, goes on to the streets to tackle up-to-the-minute issues 
Angry Planet|2007|George experiences extremes of aviation and space training aboard Czech-built Albatross fighter jet, inside Zero-G plane, simulating zero gravity by diving 30,000 feet in giant parabolas and in spinning centrifuges producing 6 G's of force. 
Angry Young Stan|2011|A series of ill-fated situations are exacerbated by the morose Stan's desperate solutions. The awkward malcontent is further vexed by those who are oblivious to his predicaments that include a bizarre skiing accident, being trapped in a lavatory with a sightless woman, getting lodged in an abstract sculpture and dealing with a stubborn art model's exhibitionism. 
Ani*Kuri15|2007|A super hero comic book character and Tomoo's idol from Tobira Oda's manga, Danchi Tomoo. Who has his meal stolen by a cat after being attacked by a villain (his master's daughter). Then he imagine about his master (Paul) scaring the cats. Then he falls into a river, and chased by his sidekick (The Bear and The Crow) and drifts over a waterfall. 
Aniela|2009|Aniela, the first Romanian costume drama, tells the story of young Aniela Elefterios who thought she had it all: a promising future and a fiancÈ of noble descent. But her father's unexpected death will change her life forever and will put her against a society where conventions are all that matters. Love and obsession will determine one woman's destiny. 
Animais|1985|Besides being one of the most eaten Animals of the Human diet, it is also one of the best known. In some folklore, there are some comparisons between Hens and a certain type of women. A comedy, but also a very sad reflection on Human Nature. 
Animal Adventures|1992|Jungle Jack tours the Alaska Zoo in Anchorage. This visit includes a view of moose calves and an elephant. 
Animal Alliance|2012|"Animal Alliance" is a Webshow series hosted by Ellen Lavinthal. The series highlights various issues and happenings that relate to animals ranging from puppy mils to animal friendly politicians, a protest against the dolphin slaughters in Taiji and the campaign to ban fur in West Hollywood and much more. 
Animal Allies|2003|Filmed in a variety of exotic and urban locations around the world including the UK, Russia, Australia and Asia the series follows all kinds of animal lovers from top vets to everyday pet owners. Each program is divided into 5 segments full of facts, up-lifting stories and stunning scenery. We follow vets operating on animals in Animal Doctors, we meet the animal lovers who dedicate much of their lives to animals in Animal Helpers and we travel the globe to bring you the people who fight to save endangered animals in Animal World. Like no other program Animal Allies also has a special How To section which gives you essential tips on looking after you own pet. 
Animal Antics|2016|From skate boarding racoons to pole dancing pooches, Animal Antics brings you the cutest critters from all over the world. Made by former Rude Tube producer Nick Mavroidakis, this 13 x30 series showcases a different theme in each episode from the sportiest to the naughtiest, the craziest to the laziest beasts to ever step paw on Earth. Comedians, wildlife experts and animal vloggers will countdown their 20 favourite clips. Sit back, relax and enjoy the countdown to the world's furriest and funniest animal clips 
Animal Ark|1997|Animal Ark is based on the popular book series by Lucy Daniels starring vet's daughter Mandy Hope and her best friend James Hunter. They both love animals and together they go through many adventures rescuing animals in the home village of Welford. 
Animal Armageddon|2009|Against a backdrop of global catastrophe, Animal Armageddon brings to life an unprecedented vision of ancient Earth. From the very beginning, the course of evolution has been dramatically altered by catastrophe. Numerous mass extinction events have devastated the Animal Kingdom. Each time disaster has struck, nature has shown remarkable resiliency. Animals have rebounded with with amazing biological innovation and vast increases in diversity. Humans have always had a stake in this. From tiny flatworms to the first amphibians, our own DNA had to survive for us to evolve into what we are now: the first species that can trigger its own extinction. 
Animal Armory|2016|The lives of animals are not peaceful. They must be able to find food for themselves and their young and avoid becoming food themselves. Sometimes they must also compete with others of their own kind-for food, territory, or mates. Traps, lures and lies are well-known tricks of men, but they are also skillfully employed by creatures in the animal kingdom. From antlers to horns, humans have long been fascinated by the ability of animals to defend themselves with their natural-born weapons. The creatures featured in this TV-series demonstrate how resourceful and inspired nature can be to ensure survival in the animal world. 
Animal Atlas|2004|In the bird world, no two creatures could be more different than the penguin and the flamingo. For fun, we'll explore the life of each of our feathered friends, and in so doing, reveal the great range and variety inherent in the bird world. 
Animal Attractions TV|2006|Dog trainer Ronald White transforms a pair of unruly Golden Retrievers; traveling with your cat; dental hygiene for dogs; and the touching story of Fluffy the army war dog that got to come home after his service in Iraq. Jack Russell terriers are highlighted in the breed segment. 
Animal Cops: Detroit|2002|The second in a series of such shows on Animal Planet, Animal Cops: Detroit follows the animal cruelty investigations teams of the Michigan Humane Society. Their purpose it to investigate reports of animal cruelty in Detroit and in surrounding communities. While doing this, they sometimes seize animals that are in urgant need of medical care or show signs of abuse. Unlike the ASPCA in New York, these investigators do not have arrest powers, however, they do have the authority to request search and/or arrest warrants be issues and then turn the warrants over to either the Detroit Police Department or the Wayne County Sheriff's Office to be served. The agents also work closely with the Detroit Police and Detroit Animal Control on a task force designed to rid Detroit of dog fighting. 
Animal Cops: Houston|2003|Animal Cops - Houston is the third Animal Planet series to follow the work of animal cruelty investigators. This particular series follows the animal cruelty investigators of the Houston Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (HSPCA). This team of 8 investigators works in a large area of Texas investigating reports of animal cruelty and, when necessary, removing animals from horrible abuse situations. Since these investigators do not have arrest or warrant seeking powers on their own, they work closely with local law enforcement, including the Harris County Precinct One Constable's Office. This office has permantly assigned Deputy Constable Christine Kendrick to assist the HSPCA investigators with any law enforcement issue that arises, including seeking warrents and arresting those charged with animal cruelty. 
Animal Cops: Philadelphia|2008|This series focuses on the PSPCA's Philadelphia, PA based Animal Cruely investigations. Although, primarily following the Law Enforcement Officers the program also documents the efforts of PSPCA Veterinarians, Technicians, Shelter Staff and Administration. 
Animal Court|1998|Continuing in their legal work from "The People's Court", Judge Joseph Wapner and his long-time bailiff Rusty return to handle disputes involving pets and their owners. Frequently, the animals were the better behaved participants as their owners squawked and squabbled over what they thought was right until the good Judge gave his verdict. 
Animal Crack-Ups|1987|Weekly show featuring four celebrity panelists, each playing for their favorite animal charity. Host Thicke asked questions about animals; some were asked to individual panelists; others were asked of the entire group. On occassion, video footage of animals from the Tokyo Broadcasting System provided the answers. Celebrities received a toy monkey for each correct answer; the one with the most monkeys won $2,500 for his/her charity. 
Animal Crackers|1997|Somewhere, deep in the heart of Africa lies the Freedom willife Preserve. It's a haven of unmitigated natural beauty, a sanctuary our cast of neurotic characters call home. Animal Crackers, where the wild kingdom just got a little wilder, and a heck of lot more neurotic. 
Animal Cribs|2017|Antonio and team transform a health-hazard yard into a dog-friendly escape, complete with paw-operated drinking fountain and medicinal plants. Inside, a bathroom is transformed into a dog wash, and a drool-proof feeding station solves a sticky problem. 
Animal ER|2016|At Gulf Coast Veterinary Specialists, the top veterinarians in Texas treat Judge, a blind Labrador; Pru, a Great Dane service dog with spinal cord inflammation; Ace, an Asian leopard with skin irritation around his eyes and ears; a 4-month-old bulldog puppy with bladder issues; and Bagwell, a rescued Chihuahua with a broken back that is unable to walk. 
Animal Empire|????|The macaques of Gibraltar are the only nonhuman wild primates in Europe, raising their young amid the hustle and bustle of the city. Half a world away in Bonaire, expectant flamingo parents spend six weeks building a nest in anticipation of their chicks. What binds these two species together, among others, is an instinctive recognition of the importance of family life, and the lengths they'll go to preserve and celebrate it. 
Animal Exploration with Jarod Miller|2007|It's lights, cameras, and a whole lot of action as Jarod sets off to Universal Studios Hollywood to find out how animals train for the film and television industry. Jarod meets the talented trainers from Birds and Animals Unlimited and discovers many of their finest acting animals are rescues with stories worthy of the big screen. Fast-paced fun ensues as Jarod takes the stage with Universal's Animal Actors. 
Animal Face Off|2004|The saltwater crocodile is the largest reptile on the planet. The great white shark is the world's largest predatory shark. Saltwater crocodiles usually live in northern Australian rivers and offshore is where a saltwater croc could meet a great white. 
Animal Fight Night|2013|Africa is home to nature's most fearsome predators. Although Africa's killers are some of the most skilled hunters in the animal kingdom, their prey are formidable in their own right. Witness a mother cheetah come face to face with the heavy weaponry of a Grants gazelle, and see what happens when three male lions make the mistake of their lives, and try to take down a pugnacious Rhino. 
Animal Hospital|1996|Hosted by Rebecca Harris with reports from Eden Gaha and Clodagh Crowe, Animal Hospital is a series based in and around Australia's top veterinary hospitals. Animal Hospital follows household pets, native wildlife and exotic animals as they endure the drama of being treated, cared for and restored to health. 
Animal Icons|2004|A one-hour documentary on the history of Godzilla, Japan's radiation-spewing, Tokyo-trashing giant. Featuring interviews with horror movie director John Carpenter, cast and crew members from TriStar's "Godzilla" (1998), and Godzilla fans and experts, plus highlights of various Godzilla movies, particularly those from the 1960s and 70s. 
Animal Instinct|2005|Animals and nature instinctively brought together in a visually stimulating format. A beautiful collection of creatures great and small from across the planet. A relaxing easy to digest series suitable for the entire family - a feast for the eyes and ears. Brilliant images set to emotive music. 
Animal Kingdom|2016|The series centers on 17-year-old Joshua "J" Cody, who moves in with his freewheeling relatives in their Southern California beach town after his mother dies of a heroin overdose. Headed by boot-tough matriarch Janine "Smurf" Cody and her right-hand Baz, who runs the business and calls the shots, the clan also consists of Pope, the oldest and most dangerous of the Cody boys; Craig, the tough and fearless middle son; and Deran, the troubled, suspicious "baby" of the family. 
Animal Kwackers|1975|Four garishly-coloured, music-loving animals - Rory the lion, Bongo the dog, Boots the tiger and Twang the monkey - visit Planet Earth in their flying saucer from the mysterious planet of 'Popland'. They sing contemporary pop hits and tell a story, before returning to their home planet at the end of each episode. 
Animal Magnetism|2003|Each episode profiles 3 different stories about people and their unique bond with animals. In episode 1, one of the stories (which garnered series director John Dolin a Gemini Nomination for Best Direction) was The Making of a New York Cowboy which told the story about a young kid in New York City whose life was changed when he joined The Black Cowboys, an inner city group that introduces local youth to horsemanship and the ways and values of the old west. 
Animal Mechanicals|2008|Meet the Animal Mechanicals - Rex, Unicorn, Komodo, Sasquatch and Mouse. The Animal Mechanicals team explores fantastic worlds, complete cool quests, and work together to solve puzzles. Each Animal Mechanical has their own unique gifts that help the team on their adventures. 
Animal Miracles|2001|In this episode, a police dog named Ace proves to be one Canada's most dedicated and decorated canine cop; a man and a eagle form a deep and mysterious bond that saves both their lives; a small dog with a big bark proves to be a lifesaver after his owner's condition goes undetected by the medical experts and a tiny foal is given a chance at life by one woman's unfaltering devotion. 
Animal Odd Couples|2013|Wildlife biologist Liz Bonnin sets off on a worldwide journey of discovery to find out why animals of different species make friends with each other. Why a cat would adopt some ducklings? Could an orangutan really keep a dog as a pet? Could two animals of different species even fall in love? Liz is on a mission to find the reasons behind the world's cutest and weirdest Animal Odd Couples. 
Animal Planet Extreme|2010|Bed bugs have descended upon the United States, creating a pandemic. These critters can infiltrate our businesses, movie theaters and homes. Entomologists, pest control companies, and victims detail the creepiest and most obscene bed bug stories ever. 
Animal Planet Presents|2013|Jackson tries to save the holidays for three Boston families. A Bengal threatens to ruin a couple's first holiday. Feuding felines may cancel a holiday party. And instead of peace on earth its pee on earth with a sphinx peeing all over a families gifts 
Animal Planet ZOOventure|1997|Fiery redhead, JD Roth, explodes on the small screen, as the host of this loveable kids show. Taking place, on location, at the San Diego Zoo, contestants compete in animal-related trivia and animal-related challenges of strength and endurance. The grand prize: A One In A Lifetime Chance To Be Zoo Keeper For The Day!!! Four lucky kids get to compete in tests of knowledge and endurance, all for the grand prize of becoming "Zookeeper for the Day." Taped at the world famous San Diego Zoo, this show uses animals as it's theme, creating questions and games revolving around the Zoo's creatures. A clever gameshow for kids, as well as enthusiastic animal loving adults, the show offers challenging trivia questions, fun games, and great costumes. 
Animal Practice|2012|"Animal Practice" is a new comedy centering on Dr. George Coleman (Justin Kirk), a top veterinarian with an impressive list of famous animal patients at the Crane Animal Hospital - a bustling New York City veterinary practice where it often seems as if the patients are running the place. Despite his unorthodox style, George has an undeniable gift with animals of all kinds - except the human kind. Much to his chagrin, George recently learned that his ex-girlfriend, Dorothy Crane (JoAnna Garcia Swisher), has inherited the family business and is now George's boss. Whip-smart and ambitious, Dorothy shakes up the hospital as she brings order to the chaos and butts heads with George's animal-friendly administration. 
Animal Precinct|2001|Animal Precinct follows the officers of the Humane Law Enforcement division of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (ASPCA) as they investigate cases of animal cruelty in New York City as well as arrest and prosecute those accused of animal cruelty. Officer Annemarie Lucas is one of Animal Precinct's most popular investigative agents. She's also one of the toughest, hardworking and dedicated Humane Law Enforcement officers in the ASPCA. In this sixty minute special, she uses her unique insight to take viewers inside the agency. With access usually denied to the programme makers, Annemarie sensitively shows the viewer some of the harsher cases that she and her colleagues investigate. She takes them along on a late night man hunt that she is running with the aid of five plainclothes NYPD officers as they search for a man in the Bronx who has committed a horrific crime against an animal. Viewers see first hand how other law enforcement agencies in New York are stepping up to the plate to offer help and resources after overwhelming proof that animal cruelty is the first step on the violent crimes ladder. Also features the Bronx DA's office as they fight to get animal cruelty offenders registered on a DNA Database. 
Animal Rescue with Alex Paen|2007|Based on the same format as "Emergency Call," this syndicated show, hosted by animal lover Alex Paen, featured actual footage and re-enactments of police, firemen, veterinarians, and other rescue workers risking their lives to save trapped, hurt or endangered animals from all over America and around the world. 
Animal Superpowers|2012|Patrick Stewart investigates the incredible superpowers of nature's deadliest animals; from shape shifting octopuses that change the colour of their skin in an instant to salamanders that have the alien-like ability to re-grow lost limbs. Using a mix of action-packed location filming following intrepid scientists tracking and catching these extraordinary animals, stunning footage of extreme animal behaviour, and immersive CGI animation, Patrick Stewart reveals the secret superpowers of the animal kingdom. 
Animal Tails|2003|This wonderful family show, "Animal Tails" airs each week on the PAX-TV Channel and is hosted by the friendly and enthusiastic actor...Mark Curry. In this episode, actress and animal lover, Linda Blair takes her newly adopted dogs to the "Three Dog Bakery" in Pasadena, CA. so they can sample some of the amazing culinary treats that are whipped up daily for all dogs and cats ! 
Animal Witness|2008|Following a 15-month covert investigation by US Fish and Wildlife agents, an Illinois corrections officer and taxidermist is sentenced to over 4 years in prison for killing and selling exotic animals protected under the Endangered Species Act. 
Animal World|1968|Hosted by veteran wildlife film-maker Bill Burrud, this series provided viewers with an up-close look at the lives of wild animals from all over the world in their natural habitats. Originally released as "Animal Kingdom", this series bounced between all three of the major networks during its three years in prime-time. 
Animalia|2007|Animalia tells the story of two human children, Alex and his friend Zoe, who stumble into the magical library which transports them to the animal-inhabited world of Animalia. Strange events have undermined the Animalian civilization, and Alex and Zoe join forces with their new friends G'Bubu the gorilla and Iggy the iguana to save Animalia from evil and comical villains. 
Animals Gone Wild|2014|From tiny heroes to giant marauders, nature's wildest continue to shock us. A French bulldog chases off three black bears in one risky standoff. A kitten survives in middle of heavy traffic. A sea lion with major stamina shows that being out of water won't stop this terror. With battles between deadly predators, dangerous traps and heart-pounding ambushes, each triumph is a treacherous one. 
Animals Like Us|2004|Like us, animals are exposed to parasites, bacteria and viruses - the germs which cause disease. How do they survive these attacks ? Recent research and observation have shown that animals use plant and insect substances to treat themselves - not only do they apply things to their skin, they actually treat themselves by feeding on things not normally part of their diets. Capuchin monkeys rub citrus fruit on their fur, caterpillars eat poison hemlock, herbivorous red deer have even been seen chewing the legs off live seabirds. This film takes off around the world to discover how animals use medicine, it questions what notions they have about health and how medical knowledge is passed on from one generation to the next. In doing so, the film also asks what we can learn from animals about medicine. 
Animals Say the Wildest Things|2011|Comics voice over footage with their interpretations of what animals are thinking; a fugitive fish who is on the run has the police scouring the ocean for clues, but they run into a bit of trouble when they try to surround the criminal in open water. 
Animals at Work|2008|Blaze, the alpaca, starts his new job as a farmyard security guard; Makana, a rescued albatross becomes an environmental spokesbird at the Monterey Bay Aquarium; Animal News reports on a dramatic, post-flush puppy rescue; Plus, meet a Roman horse turned senator, and a Brazilian chimp who ran for mayor. 
Animals, Animals, Animals|1976|In this show aimed at young people, host Hal Linden presented some of the wonders and oddities of the animal kingdom, with episodes frequently focusing on specific animal groups, such as felines, canines, or marsupials. Linden was often joined by zoo personnel or animal researchers who would give brief lessons on their personal specialties. 
Animals.|2016|Pigeon Phil runs into trouble after being reunited with the father who abandoned him; Mike struggles to encourage his son to be a seagull scout; two turtles fight over the love of a mechanical frog; a skunk learns the truth about his date's past. 
Animaniacs|1993|Ensemble cast of off-the-wall Warner Brothers characters, appearing in a wide variety of roles. Wakko, Yakko, and Dot Warner, are WB Studio creations who were just too "zany" to be of any use to the studio. Pinky and the Brain are two mice bent on world domination. Rita and Runt are a cat and dog team, who get into perilous situations every episode, put always seem to find time to sing a song. Bobby, Pesto, and Squit are the Goodfeathers, part of a New York City mob of pigeons, who worship 'Martin Scorsese (I)' (qv). Slappy the Squirrel is a late middle-age squirrel. She starred in a series of popular cartoons in the Golden Age. Buttons is a watch-dog, charged with watching the mischievous toddler, Mindy. Chicken Boo is a giant chicken trying to integrate into human society. Flavio and Marita are two urbane hippopotami. Blending wit, slapstick and pop culture references, the variety show "Animaniacs" features a large cast of characters, whose predominant personalities are the Warner brothers, Yakko and Wakko, and their sister, Dot -- three inseparable siblings -- who have a great time creating havoc and mayhem in the lives of everyone they meet. 
Animated Atrocities|2013|Enter gets pissed at Family Guy for killing Brian off for one episode and trying to portray the trauma a family goes through when losing a loved one, even though he has also lost a pet and should know how that feels. He also says he'll never review the show again, but unfortunately, he broke his promise. 
Animated Hero Classics|1991|"You have a gem of a great idea, if you can perfect it," Joseph Henry of the Smithsonian Institute tells Alexander Graham Bell when he presents his theory for the invention of the telephone. When Thomas Watson and Bell begin their work for a multiple telegraph, Bell becomes convinced that he can send the complex sounds of human speech over a wire from its vibrations. Mr. Hubbard, the financier of the telegraph project, laughs when Bell first tells him about the idea for the project and says he will not finance it. Frustrated, Bell and Watson begin to work on the telephone while working on the telegraph without Hubbard knowing it. Bell is constantly inspired by his deaf students and longs to teach them to speak and communicate. His first dedication had always been to be a teacher of the deaf. But, as Bell becomes more and more engrossed in making the telephone invention work, he has little time to work with the students. As the inventors experience triumph in transmitting sound while playing with the telegraph, Bell is distressed to learn of a student, David, who is giving up and going home because he is frustrated with his inability to speak. He meets David at the train as he is leaving to convince him to stay and keep trying, but David refuses. Bell is greatly disappointed in his failure to help the boy and in the unsuccessful attempts to make the telephone work. Bell is frustrated and tired. As he rests on a park bench, his spirit is renewed when a mime communicates with him. He realizes he could never fail if he keeps trying. He and Watson continue working on the telephone with great enthusiasm. Finally, the telephone experimenting works as sound is transmitted through a tube. Watson clearly understands Bell when he says, "Watson, come here. I want you." As they share the joys of success, school begins again. Bell is rewarded by the return of David who has practiced all summer and knows he can succeed, too. 
Animated Stories from the Bible|1987|Abraham and Isaac is an emotion-filled story of complete obedience and unreserved sacrifice. This heart-rending story is one of the greatest tests of obedience, faith and trust in God found anywhere in the Bible. Abraham passes the test and renews God's promise that he will become the father of many nations. Abraham keeps faith in God, and exhibits extraordinary courage in following God's will. That faith and courage remain strong, even when Abraham is tested to the limit. When God sees the power of Abraham's faith, He rewards Abraham with unlimited blessings. The Lord has promised Abram and Sarai that they would have children as countless as the stars. Yet they are growing old, so Sarai tells Abram to take her servant Hagar as a wife. Perhaps she will bear a son. Ishmael is born to Hagar. But Ishmael is not the son promised by God. The Lord appears to Abrams and renews his promise. As a symbol of this covenant, God renames Abram and Sarai. Henceforth, they are known as Abraham and Sarah. Miraculously, Sarah gives birth to Isaac. Gad tells Abraham that he should care for Ishmael,"but my promise and my inheritance shall go to Isaac." As a dutiful son, Isaac helps his father with ritual sacrifices. "Do you know why we sacrifice our finest lamb?" Abraham asks him. "Because God has given us everything," the boy replies, "we must give him our best." The answer pleases his father. "Promise me Isaac," says Abraham, "that you will always do what the Lord asks." Isaac confirms that he will. The Lord appears to Abraham, and tells him that he must sacrifice Isaac. Shaken but obedient to God, Abraham prepares to kill Isaac. Isaac lies down on the altar of ritual sacrifice, willing to give up his life to God. Suddenly, the Lord speaks to Abraham: "Lay not thy hand upon the lad. Abraham, because thou hast done this thing, and has not withheld thy son, I will multiply thy seed like the stars in heaven. And by thy seed, thou shalt be blessed, because thou hast obeyed my voice." 
Animated Stories from the New Testament|1987|Bread from Heaven is an account of how Jesus has compassion for the multitudes that have come to hear Him minister. The story begins with a young street urchin named Jonas who is begging for each bit of food he can get. After an incident of trickery, he takes bread from the local bakers, Zeke and Jethro. He refuses to share his bread with an old man who is weak and clearly in need of nourishment. Later Jonas finds himself listening to the words of Jesus on the mountain. He is inspired by His message. When Jesus asks for food to feed the people, Jonas unselfishly offers the five loaves and two fishes. After Jesus prays over the food, the disciples feed the people. Zeke and Jethro are amazed at the miracle of feeding the masses and come up with a plan to make Jesus king. They want Jesus to perform miracles so they will no longer have to work. When Jesus tells them He is the Bread of Life, the bakers think He is joking and return to their ovens. Jesus goes to pray and soon sees that His disciples are caught in a storm. As the disciples fear for their lives, Jesus calms the waters by walking upon them. Peter proclaims his faith in Jesus as the Son of the living God. Jonas' faith has given him a new compassion, and he shares bread with the bullies in the street. In the end, Jonas returns to the old man who was denied the bread. He shares his bread and tells him of the man he met named Jesus, who is the Bread of Life. 
Anime Abandon|2011|The Sage gets ready to review Violence Jack... but finds he simply doesn't have the heart nor the stomach to do so. Despite all the horrifically violent, profane and sexual Anime he's reviewed in the past, Violence Jack is the worst offender because it has no camp value. The Sage draws the line at Violence Jack. But he promised the fans. With help from Marc the Engineer, Sage manages to do something of a review, even if it narrowly destroys him. 
Anime Redacted|2011|Lathan Crowe's review of "Darker than Black" Season 2. "Darker than Black: Ryuusei no Gemini" is an anime television series, created, directed & written by Tensai Okamura & animated by Bones Animation Studio. It is a sequel to "Darker than Black: Kuro no Keiyakusha" & chronologically follows the events that take place after Season 1 & the 4 OVA episodes. 
Anime e Sangue|2017|Peter Pan, Cyrano, the Scarecrow from Oz and other famous characters find themselves trapped in our world. The mysterious Sariel offers them a chance to go back to their homes: in exchange they will have to accomplish a mission, find and steal the Shaper. 
Anime oyako gekijÙ|1981|Two young children, Chris Peeper and his neighbor Joy, come across a glowing old Bible in the attic of their home. They discover it's enchanted, transporting them to the events reported within its pages. Accompanied by the robot Gizmo (and later by Chris's pet dog Ruffles and cousin Uriah) they travel into the Superbook to experience Biblical stories firsthand. 
Anime san jushi|1987|D'artagnan leaves Gascone and his grandparents to go to Paris to be a musketeer like his father was. Once there he mets Jean (a litle kid who is Paris searching for his mother), Constance Bonaciuex and of course the three musketeers, the best sword fhigters in France. The four musketeers are going to fight cardinal Rechelieu, Rochefort, the beautifull Milady and the iron mask. The three Musketeers in anime! 
AnimeCons TV|2009|Thibra is a new thermoplastic which can be used by cosplayers as an alternative to Worbla and WonderFlex to create armor, props, and other solid objects as part of a costume. It only needs an activation temperature of 160∞F to become pliable. Elizabeth experiments with Thibra and puts it to the test with heating and attaching. 
AnimeTV|2010|A young boy is recruited to pilot a robot suit to fight alien beings (referred to as angels), because his father is the robot suit's inventor. The alien beings are large enough to decimate cities whole, take out entire armies and survive nuclear-like attacks. 
Animenia|2008|The power to travel through time, it can be used for the good of humanity, or just selfishly abused. While many may fantasize about obtaining such a power, it has become nothing less than reality for otherwise-normal schoolgirl KONNO MAKOTO. After a fated event, her life takes a turn for the extraordinary. 
Animism|2013|Animism: The Gods' Lake is something of a "First Nations' Narnia" - a youth-focused fantasy epic but one that is deeply rooted in Aboriginal legends and beliefs rather than Christian mythology. The pilot episode begins the adventures of Mel Ravensfall as she discovers what lies beneath the sacred site at the Gods' Lake. As she uncovers the roots of a timeless conflict between the natural forces of the Mother and those beings that would rend the world asunder, Mel will come to realize that the world around her is dangerously out of joint. And only she has the power to bring it back to balance. Told in the splashy visual story of a high-definition motion comic, Animism: The Gods' Lake, is a strikingly different television series. Combining highly stylized cinematic effects with vector-based animation, this is a fantasy world that will ensnare and excite Aboriginal children from across the country by updating the traditional stories, figures and belief with which they have been raised. It may be a "pop culture" approach to this material, but it is one that will speak to today's youth with a new voice.As she uncovers the roots of a timeless conflict between the natural forces of the Mother and those beings that would rend the world asunder, Mel will come to realize that the world around her is dangerously out of joint. And only she has the power to bring it back to balance. 
Animorphs|1998|My name is Elfangor. I am a prince from the Andalite world. I am dying. My ship has crash-landed on a planet called Earth. This is not the first time my hooves have touched the surface of this vast and beautiful world, but it will be the last. The Yeerks have launched their silent attack on Earth. Yeerks are evil parasites who live in the brains of other species. Now their goal is to enslave every human being on this planet. As I looked into five pairs of innocent human eyes, I knew what I had to do. These young people had no knowledge of the invasion, no idea that some of their closest friends and family members were already under Yeerk control. But they would soon bear the responsibility of saving their entire world. I gave them the power to morph, Andalite technology no other species has ever possessed. Now these humans will be able to use the energy and instincts of any living creature to resist the Yeerks. They can become any animal they touch. Many Andalites have called me a hero, yet there are things no one knows about me, secrets the five humans will uncover when the time is right. I want them to learn the truth. They are children, not trained warriors, yet I have confidence in their strength. Sometimes children can accomplish amazing things. 
Animus|2015|Alyssa Coleman was expecting her freshman year of college to be full of exciting shenanigans, new friends, and all-nighters. She realizes that's not the case when, a couple weeks into the semester, students are going missing and turning up dead... including one of her classmates. Haunted by a traumatic event in her past, Alyssa is driven to find out who or what is behind the disappearances. Until then, no one can be trusted. Not even those closest to her. 
Aniyome|2004|Kagura Takashi has lived with his brother Satoshi since the death of their parents some time ago. Because of that fact, Takashi is able to go to school and lead a normal life. However, he is always compared to his older brother in every thing that he does. Takashi seems to never measure up to what Satoshi has done. The final straw for Takashi was when Satoshi married Miwa, a woman who lived in the same apartment complex they lived in and who Takashi was deeply in love with. Because of that, a deep hatred of his brother rises within Takashi. So with the help of Nagayama Azusa, one of his teachers, Takaski sets out to take what he wants. 
Anjelica's Dance Workout|2017|Belly dancing may primarily be viewed as an expressive dance, but we know that there is much more to it than that. For instance, the fitness benefits are measurable and make getting in shape much more enjoyable than hours on a treadmill or stationary bike. On the highly engaging and entertaining series "Anjelica's Dance Workout," award-winning dancer Anjelica Scannura will get you up and moving with a wide variety of belly dancing workouts. Along the way, Anjelica and her fellow dancers will take you through fun, fitness-focused dance routines including Barefoot Flamenco, Irish Stepdance and some sweet Samba. 
Anjo Mau|1997|Anjo Mau portrays the ambitious and disguised Nice (Gloria Pires), whose obscure side is only known by the viewer. The adopted daughter of Augusto (Cl·udio CorrÍa e Castro) and Alzira (Regina Dourado), she seeks social ascension at any cost. The mother, a bitter woman, is the only one able to perceive the perversity of the daughter, keeping always attentive to its steps. 
Anjos da Guarda|2014|Follow in real time the fireman's rescue who run against time to save victims from the most different kinds of accident: burning, running over, traffic and domestic accidents. Each second is precious and conclusive for these guardian angels who put your own life in risk to save someone else. 
Ankhon Dekhi|2002|Daily News program mainly based on national level events of India with a separate 5 minutes part for foreign news which was broadcasted every noon and evening on Doordarshan National Channel ('DD-1' as it was called in past when this program was broadcasted) 
Ann Jillian|1989|Following the death of her fire-fighter husband, housewife Anne McNeil decides to move from New York to the small California town of Marvel, where she and her husband spent their honeymoon. Anne's daughter Lucy is resistant to the idea of leaving her home city, but she eventually begins to adjust to her new surroundings and makes friends. Anne also has some adjusting to do as she starts a new job a small gift shop. 
Anna & Kristina's Grocery Bag|2008|'Anna Wallner' (qv) and 'Kristina Matisic' (qv) are long time friends, consumer advocates, and novice home cooks. On each episode of the show, they evaluate all aspects of a cookbook currently available on Canadian bookstore shelves. Although they do some pretesting of the books for several weeks, their ultimate challenge is to prepare a meal in their home kitchen solely from recipes contained within the cookbook for an executive chef guest. Regardless of their cooking prowess or lack thereof, Anna and Kristina, with comments from their guest chef, provide their overall review of the cookbook. Those they recommend get the "A&K stamp of approval". In addition, they product test various types of a piece of kitchen cooking equipment and taste test different brands of a food product required for the preparation of their meal. 
Anna Anka sˆker assistent|2010|The show revolves around different missions to be performed by the contestants in each episode and then evaluated by Anna Anka, the famous Swedish Hollywood Wife of Paul Anka. One by one the candidates are fired, one in each episode, leaving only the winner in the final episode who gets the highly desired and well paid job as Anna Anka's Personal Assistant! 
Anna Holt - polis|1996|The young police inspector Anna Holt works in downtown Stockholm, fighting against drugs, prostitution and other crimes with her colleague Carina Olsson. 
Anna Karenina|2009|The film is based on the eponymous book by Leo Tolstoy. Anna Karenina (Drubich) is a young and beautiful wife of Mr. Karenin (Yankovsky), who is 20 years older. She meets the handsome Count Vronsky (Bezrukov), and they fall in love with each other. Anna is torn between her love to Count Vronsky, and her loveless marriage to Mr. Karenin. Her husband Karenin will not give her a divorce, because he wants to keep the mother of their child. The lovers are trying to escape from a society that does not accept their actions. Anna moves in with Vronsky, and her life becomes more complicated then ever. Vronsky comes to a point, where his personal career is compromised by his relationship with Anna. She becomes traumatized by the conflict between her new desires and her duties as a wife and a mother. Painful reality causes her a depression and suicidal thoughts. Anna loses interest in such a life and jumps under a train. 
Anna Pavlova|1983|The film is based on the biography of the legendary Russian ballerina 'Anna Pavlova (I)' (qv). She became an internationally regarded ballerina after her performances in 1909 with the Dyaghilev's Ballet in Paris and in London. Anna Pavlova eventually formed her own troupe. She made a successful world tour together with Viktor d'Andre, who was her husband and manager. 
Anna and the King|1972|In 1862, a strong American schoolteacher, with her young son, travels to Siam to serve as the personal educator to the King's many children. Though Anna and the King often clash due to their disparate personalities and cultures, a respect grows between them. 
Anna san no omame|2006|Anna is everyone's dream; beautiful, intelligent, kind and elegant. But in this drama, she is not the heroine. .it is her best friend lily.lily is a girl who is overly confident of her own beauty and fantasies that the whole world is in love with her. She even feels sorry for Anna who is always chased by boys. ..as she believes that they are using Anna to become acquainted with her own set. 
Anna und die Liebe|2008|Bruno made Nina become the sole copyright holder for the 'scream' collection. Not only that, he promises her to fight against Lindenberg. But Nina already knows: in order to fight Lindenberg, they first have to go through his most beloved servant: Kai Kosmar who hides acid inside of his coat. 
Anna|1987|Anna is a young teenager with a passion for ballet dancing. When she is seriously injured in a car accident, it seems that her dream of becoming a ballerina is over. In rehab she meets the up-beat Rainer, who is paralyzed and in a wheelchair. They become friends, and he helps her regain the will to live. Eventually, Anna recovers and is able to dance again. 
Anna's Blˆdsinn|2008|The TV moderator Anna, known for her speeches on her TV show, one day doesn't tun up for her show. This leads to her camera operator taking over, who soon realizes he can't really do the job. Suddently, he realizes Anna was behind the camera all the time, and in a very chaotic action, they swap places, making Anna finish the speech. 
Anna's Wild Life|2011|The park's commitment to protect some of the world's most endangered species sees the team welcome a lively young horse, from a breed extinct in the wild, and as winter approaches, they celebrate another new arrival with the birth of a new baby gibbon. 
Anna-detektiv|2016|An icon is found, which, according to legend, is able to indicate the place of the treasure of the robber Kudeyar. The chain of deaths follows this find. Zatonsk freezes in anticipation of the treasure fever. Anna and Stolman are searching for the clue about the secret of the treasure, meanwhile the life of one of them is in great danger . 
Annabel's Kitchen|2011|Annabel and her team are here to take you and your children on a culinary journey of exploration and come up with winning solutions in a humorous and light-hearted way, proving that cooking really can be child's play. Annabel is joined in her stylish loft apartment by Jimmy, her often unpredictable intern from the South Pole, a calamity - prone, fish-mad penguin who's made his home in her fridge and Pearl, Annabel's right hand penguin who organises the website and deals with ordering ingredients and finding the perfect perfect recipe to suit every occasion. Watching over everything and providing a singing commentary on kitchen activities,are Candice, Dionne and Lola - three of the most pampered, vain and ditsy princess cupcakes in the land. Finally, there are Jimmy's marvellous mechanical aids that he's made for Annabel. There's every cooks dream, the Fruit 'n' Vegetabilizer, which slices, dices, chops or squeezes any fruit or vegetable into whatever shape you'd like. The Cookatron is a cunning oven where food is cooked to perfection in seconds. And finally, the ultimate food critic, the Yummy Scrummy-o-meter, which sniffs food for deliciousness. Each week, the children come and hang out with Annabel in her loft apartment and Annabel, Jimmy, Pearl and a host of hilarious guest characters help the children overcome a different food related problem in an entertaining way. The kids watch and learn as Annabel does what she loves best- inspiring children to make their favourite meals and try something new. 
Annaliza|2013|Annaliza is a young girl who, as a baby, has been stolen from her wealthy parents, restopreneurs Lazaro and Isabel. It was Stella, Lazaro's avenging ex-lover, who had the baby stolen with the help of Makoy, her suitor. Pressured with being caught, Makoy leaves the child with his best friend Guido, a fishport worker. Guido raises Anna Liza as his own daughter. Anna Liza endures challenges and hardships in her young life when Guido eventually marries Stella. But Anna Liza's gift for cooking brings her closer to Isabel and Lazaro, not knowing they are her true parents. In the end, Anna Liza discovers her true past and is compelled to choose between the man who raised her or her true parents. 
Anne & Jake|2015|In 2014 Los Angeles, Jake, (hapless in life but on point in intelligence) a scientist is working on his time machine when another argument with his unimpressed girlfriend catapults his machine into life. In 1814 London, Anne (belligerent, beguiling and way beyond her time) is about to be married off to a man she can't stand. While hiding in the forest, realizing she has no way out of her fate, a bright light appears - one that she just can't...help...but follow. Cue FLASH of said light and a large BANG...1814 to 2014! Jake now has to deal with introducing Anne to the modern world and figuring out how the heck he created time travel in the first place. And of course, what time travel story would be complete without a little romance...? 
Anne Frank: Beyond the Diary|2015|A profile of the teen diarist and Holocaust victim Anne Frank (1929-45) includes remarks by Eva Schloss, Frank's stepsister; Ronald Leopold, executive director of the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam; and Gillian Walnes, co-founder of the Anne Frank Trust. 
Anne Happy|2016|The story centers around class 1-7 of Tennomifune Academy, where all the students with "bad karma" or misfortune seem to have been gathered. Hibari, a student in this class, meets the unlucky Hanako and the perennially unhealthy Botan on her first day of school, and together they try to find a way to turn their school life into a happy one. 
Anne babamla evlensene|2005|Sema and Orhan being head over heels in love, get married... Yet, Sema's mother Leman is against their marriage right from the beginning. She also doesn't want her son-in-law's father Sermet, because years ago Leman, was about to marry grandpa Sermet but in the last moment he preferred Leman for another woman and left her. Thus, he turned on the verge of getting married to her. However, years after Leman's daughter Sema, gets married to Sermet's son Orhan. It's a nice favor of destiny! Leman does everything to separate them and finally reaches her goal. Thus, the couple often quarrels out of jealousy and gets separated. On one side we have Sema's front under the commander ship of Leman who opposes their marriage. On the other side is Orhan's front, under the commander ship of grandpa Sermet who is for their marriage. The most important characters in this battle are Orhan and Sema's children Elif and Serkan. Both of them get united with their grand fight with all the power they have to save their parent's marriage. With its superb writing credits the serial is a real burst of laughter! 
Anne of Green Gables|1985|At the turn of the century on Prince Edward Island, Matthew Cuthbert and his sister Marilla decide to take on an orphan boy as help for their farm. But they get an unexpected jolt when they're mistakenly sent a girl instead: Anne Shirley. Anne's a dreamer with an unusual point of view, far removed from Marilla's pragmatic ways, and it's only on trial that Marilla agrees to keep Anne...if Anne can keep out of trouble, only Anne has a positive genius for it. As Anne falls into a series of scrapes (and off a roof), makes a bosom friend, searches (and finds) several kindred spirits, Matthew and Marilla discover that their lives have become a great deal richer, now that Anne is at Green Gables. In the early 1900s, elderly Matthew Cuthbert and his spinster sister Marilla Cuthbert live on a farmstead in Avonlea, Prince Edward Island, the house on the property known as Green Gables. To assist with the farm work, they decide to adopt an orphan boy. Through an error, they instead receive a twelve year old orphan girl named Anne Shirley. Anne is outspoken, opinionated and stubborn, but she is also kind, good-hearted and bright. She is extremely self conscious of her looks, especially the fact of her freckles and her red hair. She has a vivid imagination tending toward fantasized romance and tragedy, this a mechanism to escape the harsh life she's endured thus far. Upon meeting Anne, Matthew does not have the heart to send her back. Although the Cuthberts have no practical use for a girl, Matthew talks a begrudging Marilla into keeping Anne, if only on a trial basis. In addition to Marilla, Anne has to win over many of the people of Avonlea, who see an orphan as being nothing but trouble. But in Avonlea, Anne also has many kindred spirits as she calls her dearest friends, including Matthew, classmate Diana Barry, Diana's Aunt Josephine and school teacher Muriel Stacey. Another colleague with whom she has a rocky beginning is classmate Gilbert Blythe, although Gilbert sees Anne in a different light. Through trials and tribulations, Anne does win over those important to her, including Marilla, who ultimately cannot even imagine what life would have been like without Anne. As Anne matures into young womanhood into her late teens, she demonstrates her many talents at Green Gables, at public school and at Queen's College in Charlottetown. When tragedy strikes the Cuthbert family, Gilbert shows Anne how true a kindred spirit he really is. 
Anne of Green Gables: The Animated Series|2000|Welcome to the world of Avonlea, home to the irrepressible Anne Shirley. Avonlea is an exciting place to live especially as Anne's vivid imagination is always causing havoc for her and her friends. Anne is very, very good at getting herself and others into hot water but always with the best intentions. In spite of the scrapes Anne and her friends get into, in the end they always recognize the importance of family, friendship and self-confidence. 
Anne of Green Gables: The Continuing Story|2000|It's September, 1915. Anne Shirley and Gilbert Blythe have been engaged for some time, but life seems to always get in the way of them actually getting married. They eventually want to resettle back in Avonlea, Prince Edward Island, despite Green Gables' dilapidated condition and the fact that they do not own it. But their latest detour takes them to New York City as Gilbert's tenure at Bellevue Hospital has been extended. Anne, who has resisted moving to New York City in the past with him, decides to go this time. While pursuing her writing career, she gets a job as a junior editor at Winfield Publishing, where she meets the company's star writer, Jack Garrison, who aspires to write more serious works than the pulp fiction he is required to churn out for Winfield. But not only affecting Anne and Gilbert's life but that of everyone they know, World War I takes hold and further complicates matters. Their respective war efforts separate the couple. As Anne tries to reconnect with Gilbert, she meets up with some familiar faces, including Jack, who is keeping a secret about his family and his role in the war. Set years after her resignation and return from Kingsport Ladies' College, Anne is persuaded to join her fiance, Gilbert, in New York City as he begins his tenure at a major hospital. She is introduced to a publishing firm in the hope of a chance to get published and achieve the same success as Gilbert. Instead, both face the disillusioning realities of their professions which makes them decide to return to Avonlea. However any chance of lasting happiness is dashed when Gilbert decides to bow to social pressure and enlist to serve in The Great War in Europe. Anne stays behind and becomes a published writer, but learns that contact has been lost with Gilbert. Seeing no other option, Anne decides to venture to Europe herself to find him. In doing so, she begins an adventure that would challenge her wits and imagination to the limit. 
Anne of Green Gables: The Sequel|1987|Anne Shirley, now a schoolteacher, has begun writing stories and collecting rejection slips. She makes the acquaintance of a handsome, rich, bachelor, (jumping to a wrong conclusion, she and Diana chased down Rachel Lynde's cow, thinking it was Dolly) & immediately sold it to John Blythe. [When she realizes her fault, Anne & Marilla do a special visit to Rachel Lynde & her longtime husband, Thomas. During this visit, Thomas Lynde dies & Rachel Lynde became a widow!] and wins (to her chagrin) Rolling's Reliable baking soda (that was forged by Diana) company's writing contest. She acts as Diana's maid of honor, and refuses Gilbert Blythe's marriage proposal; which sends her to teach Kingsport Ladies' College, an exclusive all girl students' school, where she meets opposition from the principal, Miss Katherine Brooke, and the Pringle clan (one of whom is the rich, handsome bachelor). But while Anne won the numerous conflicts & battles, and the friends she makes, she returns to Avonlea. Following the death of her guardian Matthew Cuthbert, Anne Shirley decides to forgo her Avery Scholarship at Queen's College to take care of Matthew's sister and Anne's other guardian, Marilla Cuthbert. Gilbert Blythe, also taking time off from his studies at Queen's, sacrifices himself by giving his teaching post at Avonlea School to Anne so that Anne can live with Marilla at Green Gables. During her teaching stint, Anne dreams of a literary career, writing stories of grand romance and tragedy in faraway lands. Anne's view of what she wants for herself romantically match these exaggerated stories. Anne's attempts at having her stories published fail miserably, except from the publication she doesn't want. Due to changed circumstances and a series of events around her including the wedding of her best friend, Diana Barry, and Gilbert's own marriage proposal to Anne which she turns down, Anne decides to take a teaching post at wealthy Kingsport Ladies College (KLC) in Kingsport, New Brunswick, the position offered to her by her old friend and teacher, Miss Muriel Stacey. For Anne's stint at KLC to be a success, she needs to win over both the principal of the school, icy Katherine Brooke who seems to hate everything and everyone, and the snobbish Pringle family, who rule the town and whose daughters populate half of Anne's classroom. Neither task will be easy. The one kindred spirit Anne does find in Kingsport is student, Emmeline Harris. A bright girl, Emmeline comes from a family dominated by the family matriarch, her grandmother, dowager Mrs. Margaret Harris, who herself is a Pringle by birth, but who feuds with the Pringle family. Mrs. Harris is cared for by her meek spinster daughter, Emmeline's Aunt Pauline Harris. But what Emmeline wants more than anything is the love and affection of her absent father, Mrs. Harris' son, widower Morgan Harris, who seems more interested in his work in Boston than he is about his daughter. Ultimately, Anne's effect on the entire Harris family is profound. Regardless of her success or lack of at KLC, Anne evaluates her life path and career goals following a chance meeting with Gilbert, now a medical student at Dalhousie University in Halifax, and a question posed to her by Morgan. But it isn't until after a rejuvenated return to Avonlea and further news about Gilbert that Anne finally realizes what is and always has been important in her life. 
Anne|2016|Zeynep is a photographer, but she joins a school for one day to substitute a teacher. She notices the weird actions of a student called melek . So when she goes deeper into it she finds out that melek's parents are bad to her. So then she kidnaped melek and lives her life with her by calling her the new name, Turna, until melek's mom finds out and takes her away from Zeynep. 
Annedroids|2013|Eleven-year old genius and kid-scientist Anne has invented and built her own amazing androids. Nick discovers Anne's secret junkyard laboratory and enlists the help of Shania to befriend Anne and her mechanical companions. Together they help solve Anne's scientific problems through real-life solutions. 
Annemi hatirliyorum|1977|This is the excellent adaptation of John van Druten's famous play "I remember Mama" by the Turkish Radio & Television Broadcastings (aka TRT) produced and aired at Turkish TV in 1977. As in the original play it tells the story of Hansen family , an American family of immigrants from Norway . This TV mini series turned the young Derya Baykal who played the role of Katrin to a major Turkish TV star, still very active today in different Turkish TV channels. 
Annette|1958|Annette stars as a simple orphan coming from a small country farm to the upper-class suburbs so she can live with an aunt and uncle she hasn't seen in years. At first, she's excited to finally have solid home. Her aunt takes her shopping and gives her a new look, while her uncle makes her school plans ready, and the house maid babies her no end. But it's the other kids in town that at last give Annette something to worry about. Some are snobs, some are obnoxious, and the ones she does get along with are the sort of people her aunt believes are beneath her. With a new crush on the popular boy in school, Annette becomes the target of his jealous girlfriend. Her life may never be simple again. 
Annie McGuire|1988|Newlyweds Anne and Nick McGuire both have a great deal of personal history they are bringing into the marriage. They both have kids from previous marriages, and are trying to balance out their respective jobs (she in politics, he in engineering). In addition to the conflicts and adjustments being made by their children, the new couple must also deal with her mother and his father, who are political polar opposites. 
Annie Oakley|1954|A fictionalized account of the life of legendary Wild West sharpshooter Annie Oakley. Set in the quiet western town of Diablo, Annie and her little brother Tagg made sure that outlaws who moseyed into town kept on going. Often at her side was friend, suitor and deputy sheriff Lofty Craig with whom she often showed off her shooting prowess. 
Annie et ses hommes|2002|Entre son patron ‡ l'atelier de fourrures, son chum obsÈdÈ par le golf, son fils en pleine crise d'adolescence, son pËre et ses deux frËres, Annie SÈguin entreprend la quarantaine en pleine action. Au travers de l'action, elle nous dÈvoile son monde intÈrieur, ses dÈsirs secrets, ses ambitions et ses obsessions. En voix hors champ, elle confie ses pensÈes les plus intimes, ses rÍves, ses espoirs, ses craintes et ses dÈsillusions. 
Annihilate|2014|Annihilate is a coming of age story about a young man named Justin who accepts a job as a house sitter for a few months. He is trying to overcome his depression and is taking antidepressants, unaware of the side effects it has. He forms relationships with a young boy named Bart and the gorgeous, free spirited, vegan, animal lover, ruthless Abigail who help Justin overcome his depression. A story that focuses on the little details that makes humans, human and the little things worth living for. 
Annihilation|2015|On 20 November 1945, the trial of the top brass of the Third Reich, including Gˆring, opened in Nuremberg, the city where the anti-Jewish laws were drawn up in 1935. One year later, the international military tribunal sentenced 12 of the accused to death, and a further seven to jail terms. Throughout the hearings, there was very little mention of the Holocaust; a handful of Jewish witness were called on to testify, and only Hans Frank, the Governor General of Poland, acknowledged the persecution which the Jews had suffered. But for post-war France, Britain and Germany, there was no wish to hold another trial. It was the American authorities who would bring to justice the senior figures, doctors and diplomats who were involved in the Holocaust. A young lawyer aged 27, Ben Ferencz, was entrusted with finding documents which could substantiate the accusations in 12 new trials, despite the fact that the Nazis had destroyed nearly all their archives at the end of the war. 
Anno 1790|2011|Daadh is invited up to Uppsala by his old professor, who needs his help to find out who poisoned one of his students. Daadh involves himself in the case and quickly realises that his own life is in danger. Someone clearly doesn't like him snooping around. Meanwhile, subversive events take place at the home of chief constable back in Stockholm that will affect Daadh's future. And furthermore, his old enemy Marta Raxelius has decided to put her planned revenge into action but rather than striking at Daadh, the blow lands on someone else altogether. 
Ano hi mita hana no namae o bokutachi wa mada shiranai.|2011|Six childhood friends have grown apart over the years following the death of one of them, Menma. The original 'leader' of this friend group, Jintan, is currently aimless in life and it is at this point in his life that he starts to see Menma's spirit. She states that he may be able to see her because of a wish she would like fulfilled but is unsure of what that may be. Due to Menma spurring Jintan into action, we will see the various paths the members of the friend group have taken over the years as they have matured, as he attempts to fulfill her last wish. 
Ano natsu de matteru|2012|Kaito Kirishima is testing out his new camera, when something comes crashing from the sky, injuring him. The next morning he wakes up fine though, believing it was a dream, however during the day he experiences flashes from what happened and also vaguely remembers someone grabbing his hand that night. A new girl at his school turns out to be her though he can't quite remember and in a strange twist she ends up living with him for the time being. 
Anointed Fighters|2013|In this pilot episode, Tommy Truinski is a good kid with a problem. Bullies. After a prayer by his Grandmother opens his eyes to the spiritual world around him, Tommy must learn who his real enemy is, as well as how to defeat it using the greatest weapon against evil in the world. A new cartoon series that is both fun yet teaches deep spiritual truths, Anointed Fighters is sure to appeal to all ages. Plus, it has Kung Fu... 
Anomalia|2016|Recently separated, top neurologist Dr. ValÈrie Rossier moves back to her ancestral home with her son Lucas, and takes a position in an exclusive clinic run by her former teacher, Professor Wassermann. As she settles into her new life, strange occurrences conspire to reveal her true heritage, as well as her family's tragic history. 
Anomalies passagËres|2003|A newborn baby without a determined sex. It's between Christmas and New Year's and the hospital in Paris, France is on strike. While waiting for tests, the father wants to name the baby Dominic. But the mother doesn't need medical tests to know that it is a boy. 
Anomaly|2014|Calvin is a despondent call center manager who becomes obsessed with power and control after he discovers he has telekinetic abilities. Veronica is an alcoholic detective suspended by the force for dangerous and reckless behavior. With both of them struggling to find themselves a unique bond is formed when Calvin becomes the key focus in a murder investigation. 
Anos Dourados|1986|Depicts the moral values of Rio de Janeiro's middle class in the 1950s as Lurdinha and Marcos fall in love at first sight, but her parents don't approve of the boy because his parents are divorced. They are very conservative and try to keep the young couple apart at any cost. Unable to defend her love for Marcos, she keeps her love affair a secret. Mini series depicting how was life in Rio de Janeiro in the 1950s, and the difficult romantic relationships among young people, having to deal with the sexual repression of the time. The story is centered on the love affair between a military school student and a girl studying to be a teacher. But the boy's mother was divorced, which was kind of taboo at the time and for that reason, the girl's family didn't think he was suitable for her. 
Anos Rebeldes|1992|Mini series about the 1960s in Rio de Janeiro, when a politically engaged student falls in love with a left wing journalist's daughter who doesn't care for politics. The romance follows 15 years of Brazilian history, since President Jo„o Goulart deposition by military reactionary forces, until the first signs of restoration of democracy, in the 1980s. 
Anota AÌ|2014|A prime-time television series, "ANOTA AÕ" ("TAKE NOTE") hosted by Titi M¸ller, will go after the best and most interesting to do, eat, drink, shop - and much more. In "ANOTA AÕ", Titi travels around the world to discover the best pizza, the craziest VIP experiences, the biggest thrills, the yummiest street food and much more. The show went to place such as New York, Dubai, Tokyo, Istanbul, Rome, Berlin, Kuala Lumpur, Singapore, Hong Kong among many others. 
Another Blackout|2016|Jack, is a lonely and down on his luck Lost Angeleno, who faces rejection all day at work and lacks the confidence to be successful with the opposite sex. At night he finds comfort in the bottle which helps him escape his self-loathing and become a legend with the ladies and Hollywood night life. His problem is he wakes up and can't remember where he was or how he meets all the hot girls he hooks up with. Every day he has to confront Another Blackout and piece together the fragmented memories of his night. 
Another Castle|2017|Another Castle is an original web series that follows two best geek friends, TJ and Barrett, as they pursue their passions in nerdom. TJ is a play along channel superstar who has just gotten her first opportunity to take her gamer profile to the next level with the help of Barrett, a struggling artist who is trying to find herself through her work, and a team of bad ass, diverse, geek women. The series alternates between a fantasy, comic book world and reality, featuring two original female super heroes. Through quick wit and a plethora of geek-filled references, we follow the girls through love and loss, career challenges and successes, and the many challenges women face in a male-dominated subculture. 
Another Chance for Romance|2008|Another Chance for Romance is a dating show hosted by Roger Lodge (former host of Blind Date) featuring seniors in search of love and companionship as they jump - heart first - into the world of dating. Viewers are brought along for a ride on this entertaining "love train" as seniors are coupled and sent on blind dates. 
Another Day with You|2015|Staring Cougar Town's Bob Clendenin as "Bob" and series creator Amy Goddard as "Amy," Another Day With You takes us into the lives of 2 perfectly ordinary, long married people. Everybody has a wife who gets into a fight with the dishwasher repair man, has a momentary lack of judgment and wants you to jump out of a moving taxi and crashes her car, with you in the passenger seat, because she was watching a shirtless jogger. Right? It's just Another Day With You. 
Another Day|1978|The Gardners are struggling to be an ordinary traditional American family. Father Don wants to be able to support the entire family on his income, but just can't quite seem to make ends meet, so his wife Ginny gets a job of her own. Rounding out the family are their shy son Mark and their outgoing daughter Kelly, as well Don's mother Olive, who mainly spends her time criticizing everyone around her. 
Another Hero|2012|This is a story about Romain David, a super hero, who actually is a hero but not really a super one... He works officially as a night watchman in a hotel, but Romain's real aim is to get the world off Inferni, an evil multinational company. To handle his quest, Romain can only really on his two friends and roommates, Pascal and Fred. The three of them form the New Team and they won't give up their fight against Inferni Corporation ! 
Another Life|1981|Produced by evangelist Pat Robertson's CBN Network, "Another Life" initially emerged as a daily religious serial, which attempted to add a touch of "Christian morality" to traditional soap stories. Centering on the beleaguered Davidson family of Kingsley, Virginia, "Another Life" faced low-ratings and soon segued into more typical soapy fare, as murders, kidnappings, and an extremely bizarre story about a demonic cult leader highlighted its final years. 
Another Period|2013|Another Period follows the lives of the obscenely rich Bellacourt family and their many servants in turn-of-the-century Rhode Island. Natasha Leggero and Riki Lindhome lead an all-star cast - including Michael Ian Black, David Wain, Christina Hendricks, Jason Ritter and Paget Brewster - in this historical satire about narcissistic aristocrats and the poor souls in their employ. 
Another World|1964|The continuing story of life in the Midwestern town of Bay City, and the love, loss, trials, and triumph of its residents, who come from different backgrounds and social circles. Those who call Bay City home include the Matthews, Cory, Frame, Winthrop, Love, Hudson, Harrison, and Burrell families. 
Ansatsu kyÙshitsu|2015|The Earth is threatened by a powerful creature who destroyed 70% of the Moon with its power, rendering into the shape of a crescent moon forever. The creature claims that within a year, Earth will also be destroyed by him, but he offers mankind a chance to avert this fate. In class 3-E at Kunugigaoka Junior High School, he starts working as a homeroom teacher where he teaches his students not only regular subjects, but the ways of assassination. The Japanese government promises a reward of •10 billion (i.e. 100 million USD) to whoever among the students succeeds to kill their teacher, whom they have named "Korosensei" . However, this has proven to be an almost impossible task, as he has several inhuman abilities at his disposal, including the capacity of moving at Mach 20. After a mysterious creature resembling a sentient octopus blows up the moon he threatens to do the same to the earth within a year if a seemingly arbitrary classroom of students cant assassinate him before then, while he attempts to teach them as an ordinary sensei. The story of the original manga begins after 70% of the moon was suddenly vaporized in an explosion. The super lifeform responsible for this catastrophe is a strange tentacled creature that can slink around at supersonic Mach 20 speeds. It has a 10 billion yen (US$100 million) price on its head, but for some reason, this creature ends up teaching a middle school class at the beginning of the school year. The students have until graduation to assassinate the teacher, or it will destroy Earth as well. 
Ansur|1999|A boy named Viktor is living with his mother and brother. Right next to their house, Viktor's grandfather lived before he died. He had e special gift, that he could travel back in time and understand how the people lived in their era. Viktor discovers a message from his grandfather: "Note the word: Ansur". Viktor now has to find out what this means to him and for the rest of the world. 
Answer Yes or No|1950|Hosted by Moss Hart, this quiz show featured a panel of celebrity guests who would be asked questions about how they would behave in a variety of hypothetical situations. The contestants would then ask the guests other questions about themselves to try and determine what their hypothetical answer would be. 
Answered Prayers|2015|A Minneapolis teacher faces certain death when the bridge she is driving on collapses. A Chicago woman sends a sign out to the universe to help find the love of her life. Both realize a divine plan is already in place that will change their lives forever. 
Answers Unleashed|2016|Answers Unleashed is a half-hour weekly talk show series and within each episode listeners reshape their brains with science and faith to overcome situations by finding "The Answers" in front of them. The show uniquely combines principles of rocket science, neuroscience, applied mathematics, psychology and the brain's natural faith ability to empower listeners in generating solutions in their lives. Whether it be a person who needs to find a way to pay for college, or a leader who wants to start a business, or a person who desires to transform their physical health, this show explains how a person can effectively use their TRIABRAIN - the Left/Right/Faith 3 Brain system discovered by Olympia LePoint - which is the secret key for creating life-changing solutions. Each half-hour weekly show ranges between 3 formats: Olympia's Answer Unleashed - Olympia's "Brain Tip" of the week; "Get to LePoint" Live Callers who gain Olympia's help in using science principles and their pre-existing resources to create solutions; An interview with a "Newest Einstein" who is a triumphant guest or innovator. 
Answers for Americans|1953|A weekly discussion forum concerning various social and political issues facing America at the time. The regular panel for this show included a number of prestigious guests, including publishers, university professors and former military officials, who would debate topics such as the state of the American government, the nation's role in foreign conflicts, etc. 
Anthonix Maximus|2015|Tony is an aspiring online movie reviewer who longs to famous just like his idol, Sid Xander, but does not have the means to secure his dream. That is until an evil villain is freed from his years of imprisonment, and vows to continue his plot to plague the world with his mass-produced cheesy films. Doctor Cinema soon captures Sid Xander. Now, Tony, with the help of his friends, must take over as reviewer as Anthonix Maximus. 
Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations|2005|As you'd expect from an Anthony Bourdain vehicle, opinions fly and no topic is off limits as Tony hosts a no-holds-barred dinner with four featured guests. Joining Tony around the table are celebrated writer Bill Buford, "Nightlife Queen of New York" Amy Sacco, TV personality Ted Allen, and magazine editor and former gossip columnist Chris Wilson. They'll debate the ethics of an $1,800 dinner, and Tony will reveal how he always, secretly hopes the waiters like him. Food and travel stories will run wild from Wylie Defresne's restaurant wd~50 in New York City. Anything goes "At The Table With Anthony Bourdain." 
Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown|2013|'Anthony Bourdain' (qv) had no reservations about a move to CNN. Shortly after concluding an eight-season stint at the helm of his popular Travel Channel series, the equally popular Emmy-winning host came to the news network searching for "Parts Unknown." In the hourlong weekend series -- similar in premise to Travel's "_"Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations" (2005)_ (qv)" -- Bourdain explores the world to, he says, "eat and drink with people without fear and prejudice ... they open up to you in ways that somebody visiting who is driven by a story may not get." Enticed by the opportunity to experience cultures rarely visited by American TV, such as in the Congo, Libya and Myanmar, the chef and best-selling author also takes viewers to Colombia, Peru, Morocco and, closer to home, Koreatown in Los Angeles. 
Anti-Adults|2015|A comedy web series that follows four lost twenty somethings as they navigate adult-hood, Sydney, and their relationships. Their DIY approach to life comes head to head with a world that expects them to have their shit together: they do not have their shit together. 
Anti-Magic Academy: The 35th Test Platoon|2015|The 35th Test Platoon of Antimagic Academy is one of the squads enrolled at an academy specializing in raising the witch hunters, whose job is to find and neutralize any magical threats! Unfortunately, they're a group of failures nicknamed the "Small Fry Platoon", a platoon formed from a bunch of self-centered people who have personality problems and can't cooperate. Will they manage to overcome their weaknesses and shine as the strongest platoon? 
Anti-Meth Campaign|2012|Methamphetamine is a highly addictive drug creating a serious impact on communities and families nationwide. Nearly 400,000 Americans are believed to be addicted to meth. In an effort to reduce meth abuse within the Chickasaw Nation boundaries, the Chickasaw Lighthorse Police Department and the Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics have developed an anti-meth initiative known as "Be a winner, Stand your ground." 
Antiques Road Trip|2010|It's the start of a brand new road trip with old hand Charlie Ross versus a new star addition to the roster in the form of Glasgow girl Natasha Raskin. In this episode, they're taking in all the glories of the coastal south west as they begin in Falmouth and end up at auction in Ottery St Mary in Devon. 
Antiques Roadshow|1979|'Fiona Bruce (I)' (qv) and the Antiques Roadshow team roll out on their 40th anniversary tour scouring the country for more hidden treasures with stories to tell. The magnificent Castle Howard in Yorkshire is their first stop. A letter in which Charles Darwin admits to making a mistake in "The Origin of Species" stuns book specialist 'Clive Farahar' (qv). There are gasps from the crowds when the owner of a diamond brooch learns of its value. Has art specialist 'Philip Mould' (qv) really uncovered a lost work by Renoir? Roadshow regular 'Ronnie Archer-Morgan' (qv) has an emotional meeting as he is reminded of his childhood. Fiona marks the anniversary by talking to expert 'David Battie' (qv) about his fondest memories, having been on the show since the start. The show's first host 'Bruce Parker (III)' (qv) returns to reassess the secret of the show's success. 
Antiques Uncovered|2012|In this episode Dr Lucy Worsley and Mark Hill uncover the history of Ceremony via antiques. We Learn about weddings, via jewellery from the Poesy ring to the diamond ring we learn how a diamond is cut and where the measurement carat came from. We also learn about the history of the Wedding dress. After the wedding the next important Ceremony is the Christening. We learn about the giving of the Pewter Porringer in which the mother would have been give porridge to recover from having just given birth. We learn how a Pewter Porringer was traditionally made. We then learn about funerals from the black jet necklace to the difference in time that a man or woman would be expected to mourn for their loss. We learn about the development of hair jewellery such as a brochures with some hair of your departed loved one in to have as a memory of them. We then learn about the Ceremonial Sword such as the beheading sword as use in public executions. We learn the way a Ceremonial Sword was traditionally made and the use of various Ceremonial Swords during the coronation of a king or queen. This leads into the collection of Royal Coronation Memorabilia, e'g. Commemorative mugs, plates, etc. We then learn about the history of the Olympics though the collections of Olympic Memorabilia and finally we learn about the Festival of Britain. 
Antonia Paris: Fashion Is Life|2011|Moviefreak Entertainment will take the viewers into the world of fashion, glamour and drama. The audience will get a chance to experience the pampered and privileged life of Antonia Paris. The show follows Antonia Paris as she presented her Summer 2011 collection at Rosemount Australian Fashion Week; viewers will have front row seat to witness all the logistics from delegating work to her team, booking models, securing the show venue, dressing celebrities and attending social events. Antonia juggling constant deadlines to present her collection and to designs her ready to wear collection. Be enraptured in the buzz of the fashion world where Antonia attempts to balance her work and personal life, putting her at the forefront of her new business venture, while ensuring that she has plenty of time for the one-on-one requirements of her successful business. 
Antonio LÛpez de Santa Anna, El seductor de la patria|2001|Through an original narrative, this documentary presents the biography of Antonio LÛpez de Santa Anna, a key figure in Mexican political life during the first half of the nineteenth century. Santa Anna led the battle that brought the loss of half of the nation's territory to the United States. His military valor and his charisma did not manage to eclipse the profound damage that he and followers did to the nation. 
AntÙnia|2006|A miniseries and a continuation of the film of the same name, it goes on to tell the story of four friends: Preta (Negra Li), Barbarah (Leilah Moreno), Mayah (Quelyna) and Lena (Cindy Mendes), who live in Vila Brasil‚ndia, on the periphery of S„o Paulo. All of them have a dream in common: to be singers. The show depicts the comings and goings of their group. 
AnuGoonj|1993|The story revolves around a girl , whose father is a reputed Professor, and she is in love with one of his co worker, who is poor. She runs away with him, but the guy dumps her and she is left with no place to go. Then a small time political goon stops her from committing suicide and helps her to get back on her feet, also providing a place to stay at his home. He is shown as a man of few words, who believes in might is right, but always does the right thing. He also a few more people staying with him,one women who has a teenage boy. A purely platonic relationship, which the girl construes as something else. 
Any Day Now|1998|Mary Elizabeth, an outgoing white girl, and Rene, a shy black girl, become close friends as they grow up in 1960's Alabama. Their friendship comes to an end, however, when Mary Elizabeth (ME) gets pregnant and Rene doesn't support her decision to keep the child and marry her boyfriend. Thirty years later, ME is still living in Alabama with her husband as they struggle to make ends meet. Rene, meanwhile is a successful attorney working in Washington. After the death of her father, Rene decides to move back to her old hometown, where she meets ME again. As the pair resume their old friendship, they reminisce on old times and the events that occurred after splitting up. 
Any Given Latitude|2005|Geared towards the traveler that seeks both luxury and adventure, Any Given Latitude takes viewers to exotic locations and top resorts that offer both. A growing trend in travel today is the desire to experience top-notch food and accommodations while not being isolated from unique locations and experiences. Any Given Latitude ventures to high-end resorts, as well as off the beaten path, to get an understanding of the country, its people, its customs and the adventure travel that is possible there. 
Any Given Sunday|2005|Season 1: At the start of the 2005 Australian Football League season, this one-hour panel show was created to air between the Sunday Footy Show and Nine's Sunday AFL game. The panel consisted of Garry Lyon, James Brayshaw and Sam Newman, and in a way it was a sports wrap show in the vein of Wide World of Sports, however the sports results took a back seat to the humour of Sam Newman and James Brayshaw in particular. Season 2: At the start of 2006, due to Eddie McGuire being appointed CEO of the Nine Network, circumstances meant that the regular team of Brayshaw, Lyon and Newman would be appearing on the revamped Footy Show, meaning that a Sunday-morning show with a similar lineup would be redundant. The show returned in Round 2 of the 2006 season with a different lineup, consisting of comedian Mick Molloy, former swimmer and Nine Network commentator Nicole Livingstone and a rotating third panel member. The first of which was Dermott Brereton. Despite the fact that the show discussed all sorts of sports from around the world, its main focus remained AFL, as it previewed the Sunday matches. It always crossed to a commentator for a live AFL match on Nine. The show was cancelled soon after the 2006 AFL Season. And all three hosts soon moved on the now popular 'Footy Show' now airing on both Thursday and Sunday nights. 
Any Human Heart|2010|The elderly Logan Mountstuart recalls his life as recorded in his many journals. In 1926, as an Oxford student, he is keen to race his friends Peter and Ben to losing their virginity. However, his chosen girl, the feisty socialist Land Fothergill seeks only his intellectual companionship. Thus he spends illicit Sunday afternoons with Peter's girlfriend Tess until she becomes pregnant and marries Peter. Whilst promising his dying father and Uruguayan mother that he will carry on the family tinned meat business, he longs to be a writer. After meeting Ernest Hemingway in Paris, he publishes his first book, the sexy novel 'The Girl Factory', which becomes a best seller. Land is not impressed with his book, feeling it has no intellectual value. Feeling Logan is beneath her, she marries a Labour M.P., and goes on to stand for parliament herself. Logan, on the rebound, marries Lottie, the daughter of an aristocrat. They have a son, Lionel, but the marriage is not a happy one and,when in 1936, Logan goes to Spain to cover the Civil War, it is not Lottie who sees him off but the alluring BBC journalist Freya Deverell, who is carrying his child. 
Anybody Can Play|1958|This quiz show was fairly simple in its concept: four contestants would try to answer questions on a variety of subjects (frequently related to entertainment) for points, with the contestant with the highest point total winning cash or prizes. The same four would compete together for four weeks before being replaced with a new set of players. In addition to the contest in the studio, viewers at home could also take a chance at winning a $10,000 jackpot by correctly guessing facts about the contestants such as their weight, age, or other personal details. 
Anyone But Me|2008|When 16 year old Vivian McMillan has to move from New York City to the suburbs, her relationships, past and present, are tested. And her identity goes through seismic changes. The daughter of a NYC firefighter, Vivian has no choice but to leave the city with her dad after health problems he suffered trying to save people on September 11th force him to retire. This moving, funny, and relevant new drama speaks to all ages and hearts as it follows the journey of six teenagers and the adults who try to understand them. 
Anyone Can Win|1953|Moderated by well-known cartoonist and humorist Al Capp, this program featured a panel of four celebrity contestants who would answer trivia questions on a variety of topics. Before the start of the show, audience members would chose which celebrity guest they thought would answer the most questions. Those who picked the right person would each receive a large cash prize. 
Anything But Love|1989|Marty and Hannah are two co-workers who are attracted to each other, but don't want to spoil their friendship by starting a romantic relationship. 
Anything to Win|2006|Christopher Harn, a 29-year old computer programmer, worked for Autotote, a company that recorded over half of the nation's electronic horse racetrack wagers. In 2002, he beat the system from the inside. Using two former fraternity brothers as bagmen, he defrauded the Breeders' Cup Pick Six but when a 43-to-1 long-shot won the final race, Harn and his accomplices were the only winners of a $3.2 million pot, which drew the attention of authorities. Their win launched a Federal investigation and all three went to prison after Harn confessed. This in-depth episode covers the scandal from Harn's masterminding of the schemes to the stunning upset that brought them down, ANYTHING TO WIN gets inside one of American sports' richest betting scams. 
Anywhere, U.S.A.|1952|Produced by the Health Information Foundation, this program presented a series of dramatizations intended to get Americans informed about their own health and the progress of medical science. Topics included new therapies for injuries or illnesses, as well as the importance of getting regular physical examinations. 
Anzac Girls|2014|In Egypt, Alice and Elsie are confronted by the heart-wrenching reality of love during wartime, which reaches a breaking point for Elsie when she is forced to choose between her husband, Syd and her role abroad in the AANS. Whilst enduring the horrific conditions on Lemnos, Olive faces her greatest test of faith and resolve. 
Anzacs|1985|Following the lives of a dozen Australian soldiers who served in the Australia and New Zealand Army Corps (ANZAC) during World War I which follows them from the 1915 battle of Galipoli, to the brutal trenches of France during the 1916 Somme battles, the 1917 Arias and Vimy Ridge battles to the final 1918 German offensives and the final victory drive as well as the hardships, mid-adventures and the casualties of friends encounted at each one. 
Ao Haru Ride|2014|Yoshioka Futaba has a few reasons why she wants to "reset" her image & life as a new high school student. Because she's cute, she was ostracized by her female friends in junior high, and because of a misunderstanding, she couldn't get her feeling across to the one boy she has ever liked, Tanaka-kun. Now in high school, she is determined to be as unladylike as possible so that her friends won't be jealous of her. While living her life this way contentedly, she meets Tanaka-kun again, but he now goes under the name of Mabuchi Kou. He tells her that he felt the same way as she did when they were younger, but now things can never be the same again. Will Futaba be able to continue her love that never even started from three years ago? 
Ao No Exorcist: Kyoto Fujouou-hen|2017|In the late Edo Period, a demon known as the Impure King killed thousands of people. After defeating the demon, the Knights of the True Cross kept its left eye safely sealed away on Academy grounds - but now someone has stolen it. Hearing the thief has taken a child hostage, Yukio and Rin go to help. The investigation and pursuit will lead Rin and his friends to Kyoto and involve them even deeper in a sinister plot. But will his friends' knowledge that Rin is the son of Satan drive a wedge between them? 
Ao No Kanata No Four Rhythm|2016|Set in a world where people can take to the skies, soaring above land and sea, an area called the Four Islands Archipelago has a technology called Grav-Shoes, which allow the wearer to fly. Aside from simple transportation, people also use these shoes in a competition called FC (Flying Circus). To score points, they either touch buoys floating above the ocean, or their opponent's backs. The energetic but ditzy Asuka Kurashina transfers to Kunahama Academy, a high school in the Four Islands Archipelago, from the outside world. She joins Misaki Tobisawa and Masaya Hinata's second year class. Her lack of experience and general clumsiness make her classmates worry if she can learn to fly properly, but she quickly develops an interest in FC, and she, Misaki, and Mashiro, a freshman, join the school's tiny FC club, but Masaya seems reluctant for some reason, even though he seems to know a lot about the sport. 
Ao no ekusoshisuto|2011|Raised by Father Fujimoto, a famous exorcist, Rin Okumura never knew his real father. One day a fateful argument with Father Fujimoto forces Rin to face a terrible truth - the blood of the demon lord Satan runs in Rin's veins! Rin swears to defeat Satan, but doing that means entering the mysterious True Cross Academy and becoming an exorcist himself. 
Ao no roku go|1998|The once famous and well respected scientist Zorndyke has bred a new genre of living being, one that thrives on the oceans and lives to destroy humans. Zorndyke believes it is time that the humans were relieved of their rule of the earth. It is up to Blue Submarine No. 6 and the rest of the Blue fleet to put an end to Zorndyke's madness and creations. 
Aoharu X Machinegun|2015|Hotaru Tachibana, a female high school student, is often mistaken for a boy. She finds herself pretending to be a boy while playing Survival Games with Masamune Matsuoka, who is a host, and Tohru Yukimura, who is an ero-manga artist. Due to certain events, she cannot reveal that shes a girl. The story progresses as she learns to love the sport while battling with her fears of her closest friends finding out shes lying about her gender. This story begins very similarly to Ouran High School Host Club, but after the second or third episode it strays, becoming its own unique story. 
Aoi Bungaku Series|2009|Aoi Bungaku is a 12 episode anime series that is comprised of adaptations of six Japanese literary classics. The stories included are 'No Longer Human' and 'Run, Melos!' by Osamu Dazai, 'In the Forest, Under the Cherry Blossoms in Full Bloom' by Ango Sakaguchi, 'Kokoro' by Natsume Soseki, and 'The Spider's Thread' and 'Hell Screen' by Ryunosuke Akutagawa. 
Aoi Sekai no Chushin de|2012|The story re-imagines the real-life "console wars" as a fantasy tale - the Segua Kingdom is locked in an age-old war with the Ninterudo Empire for dominance of the land of Consume. Segua now finds itself on the defensive, but an unlikely hero has risen in the form of Gear, a boy who brags about his breakneck speed. Gear helps turn the tide of the war. 
Aoi hana|2009|Fumi is starting her high school life at Matsuoka Girl's High School. Her family moved back to Kamakura, and when she was in grade school her best friend was Akira. Surprisingly, on the first-day commute to their respective schools, Fumi and Akira run into each other. Later Fumi discovers that her cousin Chizu is getting married, which comes to a great shock as Fumi has feelings for her cousin. Fumi is starting her high school life at Matsuoka Girl's High School. Her family moved back to Kamakura, and when she was in grade school her best friend was Akira. Surprisingly, on the first-day commute to their respective schools, Fumi and Akira run into each other. Later Fumi discovers that her cousin Chizu is getting married, which comes to a great shock as Fumi has feelings for her cousin. 
Aoki densetsu shuto|1993|Toshihiko Tanaka decided to go to Kakegawa high school after graduating from junior high, along with Kazuhiro Hiramatsu and Kenji Shiraishi, the other two members of the Golden Trio in Kakenjshi Junior High football team. Although there are some problems at the beginning, the new players finally fit the team well And after being trained by the team's junior caption Yoshiharu Kubo. A year before, freshman player Kubo led the two-month-old team to the quarterfinal in the highly competitive Shizuoka province tournament single handedly. The new team needs to rebuild itself before the National Tournament in summer, without their leader Kubo. Assistant caption Atsushi Kamiya remains strong and shows great leadership to replace the caption spot, and new comer Keigo Mahori fulfills Kubo's mid-field position. This totally break team inherits the spirit of Kubo and again aims for the national championship. Toshihiko, who takes Kubo's number 10 jersey, now needs to endeavor for his skill in order to reach their goal, but at the same time Toshihiko needs to strive for his girl, Kazumi Endo, against Kazuhiro, to be in danger the friendship between they two to reach the Endo's love. 
Apa Dosaku: The Sybil Kathigasu Story|2010|Apa Dosaku - Period Drama miniseries based on the life of Sybil Kathigasu, a decorated midwife who was caught and tortured for going against the Japanese in the 1940s during World War 2. Directed by Bernard Chauly, this period drama was shot on location in Papan, Ipoh, Gopeng and Batu Gajah and aired on Astro Citra. 
Apartment 4A|1948|Apartment 4A was an original TV Series at the dawn of television in the 1940's. The show revolved around the lives of three girls sharing Apartment 4A. The main characters were played by Anne Diamond, as a G.I. majoring in psychology, Martha Shaw, as a secretary who writes short stories, and Julie Kingdon, as a manicurist at a beauty shop. The announcer on the series was Howard Culver. 
Apasionados|2004|Series about people whose passion became a long road of struggle to achieve their dreams. Obsessions, successes and defeats do not stop a wide range of dreamers who in various fields (science, social work, and others) give their life project all they got. 
Aperture|2007|In collaboration with the famed photography magazine Aperture, in each episode of the show a celebrity will meet one of today's top photographers, exploring their creative process through interview and observation. Through the process the artist's ambitions, philosophies and techniques will be investigated, culminating in a viewing of the photographer's work. 
Aperture: Science Time|2012|Welcome to Science Time with Susan Tiemann. Aperture Science has been gracious enough to let me borrow a room and a few extra dollars (really, just a few) to let me make these short videos to answer YOUR questions about Aperture, Portals, the solar system, and everything else. This week's topic is Portal technology. 
Apex Predator|2015|In APEX PREDATOR, host Remi Warren will bring us along on his quest to become a better hunter through learning directly from nature. Along the way he meets with experts and professionals to learn about animals and their adaptations, designs tests and trials to emulate primal hunting tactics, and challenges himself to grueling and intense hunts-animal style. There are three distinct phases of each episode of APEX PREDATOR: Research, Training, and a free range Hunt Test where Remi puts to use what he has learned. First, Remi identifies the animal or tactic he wants to learn and implement. Then he taps into the knowledge of real-world experts in the fields of biology, physiology and ecology to help understand how animals have evolved into amazing predators. With their expert help, he designs high-energy trials and training regimens to adopt and embody the traits of these animal hunters. The final step is for Remi to head into wild with a clear challenge to hunt like an animal, resulting in experiences and takeaways that help him in his quest to become the Apex Predator. 
Apne Dil Se Puchho|2007|This is the story of a middle class but talented girl Vinie, who is the most popular girl in her school. Everyone loves her and wants to be around her. One day, a new girl Neha arrives by car, as she belongs to a rich family. Her imported chocolates and glamor gradually steals all the lime light from Vinie. In 70's, these materialistic things meant a lot and so Vinie began to feel very insecure. She became complex ed. All the Girls, including Vinie thought that Neha is the most lucky girl. But this myth was broken when all of them attended Neha's gala birthday party. 
Apocalypse 101|2013|If the floodwaters rise, if the virus spreads, if the bombs go off, these men are ready. Meet four former Marines who believe they have what it takes to survive almost any doomsday scenario. Joel, Mark, Mike and Jimmy own Forge Survival Supply; their mission is to use what they have on hand to teach and test their clients' survival skills. 
Apocalypse Among Us|????|In the distant future of 2082, a group of lone survivors lead by a man named Dante Evans must fight the never ending battle against the struggle to survive in a world that has become plagued in a real life zombie apocalypse scenario, after a deadly virus caused by "the zombie cell" infected the population, twenty years earlier. 
Apocalypse Salvation|2018|Five friends, Ellie, Jake, Diana, Cassie and Jessie, decide to spend a week on a camping trip, just outside of the city of Des Moines. Trying to reconnect with each other from their new busy lives. What starts as fun in the sun, and playing on the beach, turns dark- extremely quick. An encounter, that will change their lives. 
Apocalypse la 1Ëre Guerre mondiale|2014|Colorized historical footage in ascending order of World War 1. Not only the relatively known Flanders and France battles, but also the generally unknown Italian-Austrian, German-Polish-Russian, Japanese-German, Ottoman Empire- Allied and African German Colonies, and other unknown or forgotten fronts and battles. Original French production retold in English for National Geographic channel as: World War 1: The Apocalypse 
Apocalypse: La 2Ëme guerre mondiale|2009|Apocalypse: The Second World War(2009) is a six-part French documentary about the Second World War. The documentary is composed exclusively of actual footage of the war as filmed by war correspondents, soldiers, resistance fighters and private citizens. The series is shown in color, with the black and white footage being fully colorized, save for some original color footage. The only exception to the treatment are most Holocaust scenes, which are presented in the original black and white. 
Apocalypse: Staline|2015|Episode covers Joseph Stalin's early life and his early political activities which resulted in his rose to power with the help of Lenin. October Revolution and Lenin's construction of new state; USSR is also included in this first episode. Other Bolshevik revolutionaries and political figures such as Trotsky also briefly introduced in this chapter. 
Apocalyptic Survival|????|Introduces our cast to a radically changed world, one in which it will take all they have to survive. In the Pilot's last act, Dow is blasted by a drone and our survivors are running for their lives from Federation soldiers who have just killed James, Jeff and kidnapped Jazzmine... 
Apollo Gauntlet|2017|Paul Cassidy, a police officer on Earth who gets sent to a futuristic feudal society by Dr. Benign. Now known as Apollo Gauntlet, the former cop fights evil and tries to take out Dr. Benign with the help of his talking gauntlets and magical suit. 
Apollo's Pad|2011|Located in the armpit of America is the city of Detroit and in the armpit of Detroit - Apollo's Pad. An extremely dirty, shabby and otherwise unpleasant place where the disco balls still glitter, the old vinyls still spin, and flared pants never tapered. Apollo's Pad is owned and run by none other than Apollo himself, a beat up man who's become a mere shadow of his former self. "No longer bunking in any bed, or dining while getting head, no more digesting extinct meat while fans grovel at his feet". Apollo is a man stuck in the past with hopes for the present, peddling the last legal drug inside an establishment which similarly to himself was once upon a time hip and popular but now is forgotten. Apollo's Pad has become a safe-haven to losers, the less fortunate looking to the even less fortunate, where ignorance leads to unpredictable events and hysterical stories. The variety of patrons is limitless, however in few numbers, the schemes are endless, however never successful and the content unrated but never profound. This is Apollo's Pad on the surface, what lies beneath the cigarette buts and spilt booze is the story of a modern black family, fighting the odds, struggling to remain selfishly together and make a buck while the modern world and it's tempting surroundings tries to tear them and their bar apart... oh, and they're puppets! 
AppTV|2011|Join hosts Mike Agerbo and Maryam Mehrtash as they take a fast paced 30-minute ride exploring the ever evolving world of apps and help viewers make the most of their smart phones, tablets, cars, and social networks! Our mission is to test the numerous apps produced each day and inform audiences on which ones are fun and useful and which ones not to waste time or money on. With 30 million apps downloaded each day world-wide, there's no limit to what Mike and Maryam will explore! 
Appalachia: A History of Mountains and People|2009|Appalachia, a land of magnificent beauty and startling contrasts-- stretches from New York to Mississippi and is home to the oldest mountains in North America and the most ancient forests in the world. It is said that more is known about Appalachia that is untrue than about any other region in the country. APPALACHIA: A History of Mountains and People sets the record straight. Ten years in the making, this groundbreaking series tells the compelling story of how landscape shapes humans cultures and, in turn, how humans shape the land-- the dynamic interaction of natural history and human history. Surrounded by half the population and two-thirds of the industry in the United States, Appalachia has experienced in full force the impact of humans on the most biodiverse mountain ecosystem on the continent. APPALACHIA is the story of the Iroquois and the Cherokee, of Revolutionary War heroes and Civil War atrocities, a brutal industrial logging and pioneering public conservation. Above all, APPALACHIA provides a window unto the defining question of our age: how to use the land to provide for the needs of today and at the same time, preserve it for the future. It is the American story writ intensely. 
Appalachian Outlaws|2014|Just when he's ready to call it quits for the season and accept the fact that he's lost over twenty thousand dollars of ginseng to the Lunsford Gang, Obie Bennett gets a tip about the location of the gang's secret storage spot. from an unlikely source--his old partner, Ron McMillion. Also, Greg Shook and EJ Henderson pursue a tip of their own that leads the two of them to an impasse over their moral differences. With three days left to fill the final four hundred pounds of his Chinatown order, Tony Coffman is faced with difficult decisions. Meanwhile, when a group of poachers trespass his farm in the middle of the night, Mike Ross pulls out all the stops and unleashes a deadly firestorm to drive them away. 
Apparences|2012|Tout relie et sÈpare ‡ la fois les jumelles BÈrubÈ: Nathalie, actrice connue qui a quittÈ la petite ville o˘ elle a grandi pour faire sa vie dans la mÈtropole, et Manon, enseignante ‡ l'Ècole primaire qu'elle frÈquentait, enfant. Le jour de l'anniversaire des jumelles, toute la famille se rÈunit pour fÍter les 40 ans de Nathalie et Manon. Ce jour o˘ tout bascule. 
Apparitions|2008|Father Jacob Myers, a priest of the Roman Catholic Church, played by Martin Shaw, examines evidence of miracles to be used in canonisation but also performs exorcisms. As he learns, Jacob's duties run deeper than just sending demons back to Hell; he later must prevent them all from escaping. 
Apple Pie|1978|Set in depression-era Kansas City, this comedy was based around a single hairdresser's unique approach to curing her lonliness: She put an ad in the newspaper and recruited the folks who met her criteria to be her new family. Filling the new positions were con-artist husband Eddie, tap-dancing daughter Anna-Marie, a son known only as 'Junior', and an elderly grandfather. 
Apple Tree House|2017|An everyday slice of modern life through children's eyes Apple Tree House is a 30 x 15minute scripted live-action television series aimed at the older preschool audience. Catering to a young child's sense of fun, curiosity and adventure, the storytelling will share valuable life lessons in responsibility, kindness and being a good friend. Apple Tree House portrays a vibrant, contemporary, inner-city estate - bursting with life. A place where the whole audience will see people they know on screen. Because we all smile in the same language. Mali is an ordinary boy, with an ordinary family who have just moved into the extraordinary inner-city world of the Apple Tree House estate and on his arrival in his new home Mali is introduced to a special new friend Sam. Together Mali and Sam provide a uniquely innocent perspective on the real world. Every episode features an adventure as they solve daily problems and overcome childhood dilemmas - all within the safety net of their loving families and the inspirational Apple Tree community that surrounds them. There is always something to be learned. Whilst the adults might have some answers - (often they don't!) - the grown-ups are able to guide our young protagonists with enough information so that the kids find the solutions and solve the problems themselves. Everything in Apple Tree House is seen from the child's point of view. Some episodes will focus on the immediate world from Mali's perspective and other times Sam's interpretation comes to the fore. We will also be entertained and amused by shared insights that highlight the contrasting personalities of our two lead characters, Mali and Sam. Whatever the adventure in the busy world of Apple Tree House, Mali and Sam will help us explore sameness through difference. 
Apple Tree Yard|2017|Married with two grown-up children, Yvonne Carmichael (Emily Watson) lives a contented, conventional suburban life. But her world spirals into chaos, when a chance encounter leads to an impulsive and passionate affair with a charismatic stranger (Ben Chaplin). Despite all her careful plans to keep her home life and career safe and separate from her affair, fantasy and reality soon begin to overlap and everything she values is put at risk, as a life-changing act of violence leads to a Crown Court trial. 
Apple Valley Knights|2002|Justice and Tammy Knight are a young couple struggling to raise a family while doing what they do best they repo cars and bounty hunt. But it's not easy juggling their home life and business life, especially when there's always a chance they could run into the wrong guy who could make their children orphans. 
Apple of Sin|2014|When you're old enough to understand, you are taught that when you die you will be judged by a community of your belated peers. What you are not taught, is how you make your plea. One man, David, after losing his life is under questioning by religious superiors to determine whether he is granted salvation or hell. David must reflect on moments of his life that he looks at with regret and guilt in order to reach a verdict. 
Apple's Way|1974|After years of experiencing the rat race of Los Angeles, George Apple, his wife Barbara and their four children move back to George's hometown of Appleton, Iowa, where adjusting to a new culture, new climate, new friends and a new pace are not as easy as they thought it would be. 
Apples Magazine|1997|Exploring a variety of ways teachers can use a literature based approach to provide children with hands-on science and math reasoning and problem solving activities. Strategies for introducing children to math and science skills are modeled through the use of various children's books and activities. 
Apples|2007|In seven episodes, Apples tells about the venturesome lives of a group of lesbian students, a dummy, and a stuffed female cat. The story takes place in two flats located in the same building, one just above the other, where the girls move back and forth according to the swinging of their relationships. All this dressed up with a special sauce: an impossible love story of truly epic dimensions in the best Juliet and Juliet style. 
Appointment with Adventure|1955|Filmed live each week, this program gave viewers a glimpse of drama and adventure from around the world and from the distant and not-so-distant past. Subjects of the weekly plays included the American wars, as well as conflicts of far-away countries, and were performed by a number of well-known stars of the time. 
Appointment with Destiny|1971|Using dramatic voice-over narration and detailed period re-enactments, this short lived CBS historical pseudo-documentary series examined the events leading up to the deaths of famous historical figures. It was developed out of _Appointment with Destiny: The Last Days of John Dillinger (1971) (TV)_ (qv). Gripping but melodramatic, it used grainy film stock and chiaroscuro lighting to simulate the appearance of "actual documentary footage" from eras before such things existed (episodes included analysis of the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral and the Crucifixion of Jesus). Despite the difference in style, it can be considered a close cousin to its contemporary, the CBS revival series "You Are There" (1972), which was shot in ENG format with CBS news commentators appearing on camera amid the events depicted (often in period costume). 
Apprentice to the Flower Poet Z|2017|Based on the book by Debra Weinstein. Annabelle, an aspiring poet is apprentice to Z, her celebrated mentor and tormentor. Z not only keeps a tight rein on Annabelle's budding talent but claims it for her own forcing the relationship to capsize. Annabelle's disillusion with Z is equal to her disenchantment with the literati world in general. "Devil Wears Prada" set in academia. 
Appropriate Adult|2011|Part 1:- Trainee social worker Janet Leach is asked by Gloucester police to be the appropriate adult at the interrogation of a simple-minded suspect. He is Fred West, who, with his wife Rosemary, is accused of killing their daughter and burying her in their garden at 25, Cromwell Street. West claims the death was accidental and his wife knew nothing of it. However grisly details gradually come to light and West owns to nine other murders, of girls who stayed at his house. Janet soon finds herself intimidated by the intensity of the situation, gutter press approaches to which her bi-polar husband succumbs and the foul-mouthed threats of Rosemary West. But just as disturbing is the rapport which Fred believes he has with her, terming her his only friend and confessing to her things he will not tell the police. 
AppurushÓdo XIII|2011|In the fallout of a global nuclear war, humans coexist with bioroids-clones made of the best human DNA-in the thriving city of Olympus. Mechsuit mercenary Deunan and her cyborg partner Briareos lead an elite paramilitary task force to take down anti-clone terrorists bent on bombing their post-apocalyptic paradise into oblivion. Together the soldiers unleash heavy artillery as they track a trail of dead bioroids, override an atomic warhead, and destroy stolen mecha to protect the future of humanity from total annihilation. Following World War V, a global-scale conflict fought with non-nuclear weapons that almost halved the earth's population, the city-nation of Olympus stands as a beacon of hope in a world of chaos. The utopian metropolis is governed by Gaia, a vast artificial intelligence, and administered by genetically engineered humanoids known as bioroids. 
Aprender a volar|1994|Eugenia, Rosario, Ana and Diego are four orphan brothers (a woman, two teenagers and a little boy). As they don't have their parents, they live with their grandfather. From this moment they will have to learn to fly for themselves. 
Aprendiendo a Vivir|1966|Arturo de Cordova and Marga Lopez play two mature windowed people who become neighbors in a high-rise building with their children, -one family on a floor above the other. The widowed's youngsters become acquainted most easily, not their parents, reluctant to get into another relationship. Series reflect both generation's weaknesses and strenght. Around the end of the series, both parents finally become friends, fall in love with each other and, after a while, decide to get married and as a one big family. 
Apres Ski|2015|Following the dining disaster on the gondola, Elise and Tamara are left to figure where to place the blame. Jim makes a surprising connection with this week's new clients - six children - but his decisions get him in trouble with Elise. Meanwhile, Kendra takes on a mountain top vow renewal where a wardrobe malfunction threatens to derail the ceremony. A concierge dinner turns tense as Bobby confronts Kendra. 
April Star|2017|It's hard to date when your face is recognized everywhere. Ye Fanxing ('Stephy Qi' (qv)) is a famous television anchor who is instantly recognized wherever she goes. She has been trying to be the best daughter to her mother after the devastating death of her younger sister in a car accident 10 years ago. 
Apt. 2F|1997|Twin brothers Randy and Jason have just moved to New York from their home in St. Louis. While Randy studies film-making in the hopes of becoming a serious artist, Jason divides his time between working at a large faceless corporation and generally being a goof-off. Accompanying each epsiode were short films produced by Randy, starring their friends and neighbors. 
Apt1B|2010|Two roommates wake up to find living in New York City even stranger than they remember. Neither can recall the night before, save the young woman's insistence that a strange man appeared to her in the middle of the night. The walls around them could be their protection or they could be locked in ... to Apt1B. 
Aqua Kids|2005|Aqua Kids is a marine biology children's show that travels around the country to various marine and aquatic locations. Each episode focuses on a certain location, and the viewer gets a behind the scenes and up close look at different aquariums and oceans, etc. 
Aqua Teen Hunger Force|2000|The Aqua Teen Hunger Force debuted on episode 92 "Baffler Meal" of the cartoon talk-show "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" According to TVtome.com, Master Shake is portrayed as being a chocolate milkshake in this episode, although he's a pistachio shake in the series Three pieces of food - a shake, some French fries, and a meatball - form the Aqua Teen Hunger Force, a group of detectives splitting a house in South Jersey. They are Shake, the ill-tempered and cynical leader, Frylock, the intelligent and calm one who gets all the work done, and Meatwad, the dim-witted yet lovable comedic foil. Together, they try to thwart villains whom all seem to have some sort of connection to the evil Dr. Weird. That is, when they're not trespassing in their neighbor Carl's pool. Somewhere on the South Jersey coast, hidden in his secret laboratory, the (literally) mad scientist Dr. Weird plots his latest hair-brained scheme against the planet. This calls for a team of heroes to rise up and stop him, and, to fill this need, a wise and supernaturally gifted carton of French Fries called Frylock, an amiable but almost entirely stupid wad of burger meat called Meatwad, and a sharp-tongued and bullying milkshake called Master Shake have come forward. Together, this bickering team of unlikely (and with the exception of one of them, largely unwilling) adventurers battle some of the least-dangerous and incompetent threats to this planet - when they're not annoying their long-suffering neighbour Carl by swimming in his pool, that is. Aqua Team Hunger Force, assemble! 
Aquaman|1968|A repackaging of Aquaman's half of _"Superman/Aquaman Hour of Adventure, The" (1967)_, including the rotating spot of The Atom; The Flash; Green Lantern; Hawkman; those heroes plus Superman and sometimes Aquaman combined as The Justice League of America; and Aquaman's sidekick Aqualad, Flash's partner Kid Flash, boy bowman Speedy, and adolescent Amazon Wonder Girl, together as The Teen Titans. 
Aquarion EVOL|2012|The protagonists live on a planet called Vega, while most of the antagonists originate from its "sister planet", Altair. The main character, Amata Sora, a young man that has kept his ability to fly a secret since youth, meets a girl named Mikono Suzushiro, and they become fast friends. However, invaders from Altair begin large-scale attacks against Vega, forcing Amata and Mikono into a long battle for the planet as members of an organization called Neo-DEAVA. There they, along with other young men and women called Elements who also possess special powers, are recruited to pilot giant robots called Aquaria in the defense of Vega. 
Aquarion Logos|2015|When the Verbalism Club puts on a stage play, Kokone finally gets to live her acting dream - but on opening day, she can barely say her lines. She must find her voice quickly, as a powerful new M.J.B.K. threatens to silence her permanently! 
Aquarius|2015|Los Angeles, 1967. Welcome to the Summer of Love. Aquarius stars David Duchovny as Sam Hodiak, a seasoned homicide detective whose investigations dovetail with the activities of real life cult leader Charles Manson in the years before he masterminded the most notorious killings of a generation, the Tate-LaBianca murders. A small time but charismatic leader with big plans, Manson has begun to build up his "family", recruiting vulnerable young men and women to join his cause. Teaming up with a young cop who will help him infiltrate Manson's circle, Hodiak is forced to see things through the questioning eyes of someone who came of age amongst the current anti-establishment counterculture. Edgy, addictive and visually stunning, the Age of Aquarius is here. Los Angeles of 1967 is only 2 years after the Watts Riots and in the midst of the Vietnam War. Street violence, curfews, counterculture, anti-Establishment protest, hippies, riots and tear gas, sit-ins, illegal drugs (and those yet to be scheduled), free love, anarchy and a deep, abiding hatred of "pigs" were a few of the issues faced by fictitional Detective Sam Hodiak and the harried LAPD. Then, in March, Charles Milles Manson was paroled from jail for the very last time to enjoy a reign of terror that has not been equaled in the annals of American crime. 
Aquarmonica Man|2018|Using his extreme ability to move underwater and his supernatural harmonica playing skills, Aquarmonica Man is bound to save the world - but he needs to save himself first. Between the touring bus for the Swedish Choir full of Siamese twin sisters, the nuclear baker, his mini-bar/dance club motorcycle, the electronic trio of two bassoon players managed by Bernato and his own mind, dangers and traps are lurking at every corners. Ride the wave from underneath playing that tune and go save us all Aquarmonica Man. 
Aqui T„o Longe|2016|Martim gives orders to Carlos and Jo„o to materialize two attacks, one in a ministry of finance and another in a shopping center. So that everything go as planned, he keeps Afonso and Lurdes guarded by two armed men and even kidnaps Pedro near the school. Mia witnesses the kidnapping and rushes into the school to warn the mother, the director. She immediately warns Julia, who is very distressed. She calls Pedro and is Martim who answers the call, warning her not to contact the police or she will never see her son again. Martin takes Pedro to a warehouse and reveals his plans. 
Aquila|1997|Whilst on holiday, two boys find the skeleton of a Roman centurion in a cave. Buried with him is an unusual 'pod' which turns out to be a flying machine with incredible abilities. Will they hand it over to the authorities to study, or keep it for themselves and find out what it can do by trial and error? Geoff and Tom are best friends but very different. Geoff is sporty and adventurous. Tom is cautious and a bit of a worrier. So when they make the most amazing discovery, they deal with it in very different ways. The boys are on holiday in Wales when they find - hidden beneath the body of a Roman centurion in a cave - a flying machine! The cave soon becomes a major archaeological site, but the boys tell no-one about the machine. Back home, the boys keep the machine, Aquila, in the garage, telling their parents it is an old prop left over from a film set. Aquila has a marvellous invisibility switch. Not only can they have all kinds of bizarre and hilarious adventures in Aquila, they can have them unseen. 
AquÌ Mando Yo|2011|I'm the Boss presents the story of a separated couple: Sofia Kuncar and Diego Buzzoni. He is a cheerful, sly, charming and smart man, who loves his job as a radio announcer but has serious problems adapting to its structure and established rules. He is the opposite of Sofia, who is an attractive, sophisticated, well-cultured and very organized executive woman. She works as a headhunter in a prestigious company and has been very successful in her professional accomplishments. Regardless of her emotional intelligence and her perfectionism, Sofia has not been able to effectively balance the demands of her responsibilities at work and at home. Because of this, Sofia has made a very peculiar agreement with Diego; while she continues working hard to keep growing in her career, he will take care of their two daughters, Antonella and Chiara. He will also manage the household duties 24 hours a day. This role change will bring about constant disagreements, but this time in the midst of jealousy, new partners and other obstacles, living together will make them realize that they still have feelings for each other and that their love is far from over. 
AquÌ el ParaÌso|2014|Fran is an almost-40-year-old hypochondriac who has lived half of his life swallowing pills. He's waiting for the results of his last medical check, convinced that this time his illness will be irreversible. He decides to make a pause and get back to his roots, leaving Madrid and rediscovering his homeland: Asturias. This 3-episode mini-series is an extended version of the film "Todo el tiempo del mundo", developing several situations that give us a better approach to Fran's psychology, the people he meets and the wonderful locations from Asturias. In the first episode he meets an eccentric taxi driver that seems to drive him nowhere. In the second episode, Fran tries to find a job with hilarious consequences. In the third one, we assist to his unfortunate relations with women. 
AquÌ en la Tierra|2018|It revolves around the crimes and secrets of one of Mexico's most influential families, of how a humble young man jumps across social barriers to climb up the economic and political ladder, and about the raising of awareness of a young heir struggling to clarify the murder of his father, in a Mexico very much like today's, but far from being the same. 
AquÌ hay negocio|1995|Luis remains pawned in embarking to his brother-in-law in business adventures. This time he buys a lot of suits from a factory in bankruptcy and with the help of Bea, who studied design with a famous dressmaker, is proposes to launch a new style of dressing. 
AquÌ mi ParaÌso|2014|In this following to "AquÌ el ParaÌso", a new leading character appears: AntuÒa, an actor who has found his own paradise in an abandoned cowshed. He will try to enjoy his isolation from society, but the paradise isn't what he expected. Soon he will be surrounded by conflictive people who will get him into surrealistic situations. 
AquÌ todos ganan|2008|The show looks for unique people with unique talents to participate dancing, singing, acting or performing, to be judged by a panel of experts. It also features live interviews with artists and celebrities, who are invited to play games and share details of their personal life with the audience. 
Ar y Lein|2004|Produced for the Welsh-language TV channel S4C, "Ar y Lein" ("On the Line") is a documentary travelogue of an overland eastward circumnavigation of the world roughly following the 52 degrees north line of latitude. Starting from Llandovery in rural west Wales, the journey takes 8 half-hour programmes: 1. Wales: Llandovery, the Brecon Beacons, England: Hay-on-Wye, Bletchley Park, Letchworth, Felixstowe, Harwich. 2. Netherlands: Hoek van Holland, The Hague, Delft, Gouda, Hoge Veluwe, Arnhem. 3. Germany: M¸nster, Bad Pyrmont, Hameln, Magdeburg, Guben, Poland: Jelenia GÛra, Lodz, Biala Podlaska. 4. Ukraine: Kiev, Russia: Saratov, Novosibirsk. 5. Russia: Trans-Siberian Railway, Buryatia, Lake Baikal, Irkutsk, Ulan Ude, Khabarovsk, Sakhalin Island. 6. USA: Aleutian Islands - Unalaska, Canada: Haida Gwaii, Bella Coola (BC), Banff. 7. Canada: Columbia Icefield, Jasper, Drumheller, Labrador. 8. Ireland: Blasket Islands, Dingle, Killarney, Youghal, Waterford, Wales: Fishguard. 
Arab Labor|2007|Amjad and Meir are working on an article about the Arab woman crowned Miss Israel. Meir, who remains in the village to take pictures, is kidnapped by a taxi driver and his cronies. Amjad and his father set out on a rescue mission to free Meir. 
Arabela|1979|Nowadays an almost legendary Czech TV series very successfully mixing two worlds: the world of ours and the world of fairy tales. Princess Arabela, the daughter of the Fairy King escapes before the revenge of a cunning and conceitful magician Rumburak and leaves the world of fairy tales. She meets Petr Majer in the world of ours and falls in love with him. Spells, a magic ring, the bowl of seeing, a flying suitcase and magic things play a very important role in the series. 
Arabian Nights|2000|Long ago, the Sultan Schariar has gone mad after his traumatizing near assassination in which his wife collaborated and died at his hands as a result. Now he has a paranoid suspicion of women which he plans to express in a diabolical plan, and that is to marry a woman from the harem and then have her executed the very next morning. To prevent this, the Grand Vizier's daughter and a childhood friend of the Sultan, Scheherezade, offers herself to be that bride. Now, she must gamble that her plan will work as she tries to cure his madness by telling him story after wondrous story which include the tales of Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves and Aladdin and his Wonderful Lamp. All the while, the Sultan's villainous brother is making plans of his own and Scheherezade's stories are more useful against him than anyone can anticipate. 
Arabische Liefde|2014|What if each person on Earth found their soul mate in a different culture? Would that turn our world into a peaceful place? Two close friends test the theory. Majd starts a journey with his European friend Senne to search for an Arabic woman. They travel to five different Arab countries. Can love save the world? 
Araguaia|2010|Solano affirms his love for Estela. The police frees Max from prison. Gen„o e Asp·sia get married at last. After the church ceremony, the newlyweds get wild dancing the waltz. Estela does not feel well during the wedding party. Geraldo is informed that Max is free again. Max keeps a keen eye on Beatriz and Gabriel. Max is happy saying good-bye to Gen„o and Asp·sia when they leave for the honeymoon. TerÍ and Father EmÌlio manage to decipher the message from Apoena. Max is shadowing Gabriel... Yvette sends Solano to search for Gabriel, hoping to be of help to Estela, who is having difficulty in giving birth... Gabriel is not found, and now several people are looking for him. Gabriel is deep in the forest, tied by ropes to a large tree - as Max got to him first. Ruri· brings a mere mat for Estela to lie on, and stays to assist during her labor. Solano has troubles of his own in the forest - but he locates and frees Gabriel. Max runs away - and falls off a rock to his death. Solano returns to the farm with Gabriel in time to see the birth of Estela's child. In New York, Manuela comes across Rudy. JanaÌna announces she is pregnant. Ruri· baptizes his grandson in the native tradition of the KaruÍ. Neca re-opens the Gran Circo TenÛrio, with a large feast. AmÈlia surrenders the deeds of the farm to Solano. Solano asks Manuela to be the godmother of his son. Rudy makes a surprise appearance to Manuela - hanging upside down from the train carriage, in front of her window. Solano gives his teenage son the muiraquit„ [an amulet in the Icamiaba, Amazonian culture, made of a natural knot in some flexible trees] he had coveted for years. 
Araiso Private High School Student Council Executive Committee|2002|Kubota Makoto and Tokitoh Minoru (characters from Kazuya Minekura's manga Wild Adaptor -- though no reference is made to the darker storyline of WA in this light-hearted anime) are the muscle of their high school's all-powerful student council. They defend the student body from disorder -- generated by both humans and demons -- while avoiding their classes. 
Arakawa Under the Bridge|2010|Kou Ichinomiya has always lived according to the creed of his wealthy, successful family: never be in debt to anyone. But one day, under the Arakawa Bridge, his life is saved by a homeless girl named Nino. In order to pay her back, Kou promises to be her boyfriend; and thus begins his new life under the bridge. 
Arakawa and‚ za burijji|2010|Kou Ichinomiya is a perfect man with a perfect life: he is handsome, smart, self-sufficient, and the young heir to a grand corporation. One day, he falls into the Arakawa River and nearly drowns, but is saved by a young girl named Nino, who lives in a community under a nearby bridge on the Arakawa. It's the Ichinomiya tradition to never be indebted to anyone and settle all accounts, and now Kou owes Nino a life debt. Her request is that he becomes her lover and lives with her. And so Kou begins a new life as a member of the village under the bridge - a village, he discovers, full of self-deluded and eccentric people. There's the musician who wears a star mask, a male war veteran dressed as a nun and his femme-fatale rival who runs a farm, a hairdresser samurai and many others, all led by a man in a green costume. Still, as time passes Kou begins to truly feel at home at the Arakawa under the bridge. 
Arangsaddojeon|2012|A vindictive spirit of single woman who died under wrongful circumstances and whose soul has been haunted by false accusations about her disappearances in coming to the district magistrate Eun Oh with a plea to help her exact her vengeance. Lee Eun Oh, a selfish noble's son with the ability to see ghosts, arrives at a small village controlled by a ruthless feudal lord while searching for his missing mother. There he meets Arang, the ghost of a young woman that lost all her memories upon dying. Not wishing to move on to the next life without knowing her own identity or the reason of her death, she asks Eun Oh to help her solve the mystery, even maneuvering to have him named magistrate so that he'll have the obligation to investigate. Uninterested in getting involved in other people's problems, he refuses, until he realizes Arang may be the last clue he has to find his own mother. 
AranyÈlet|2015|Attila loses all his cash and it's back to crime for him - though this way Janka will give them one last chance together. The noose is tightening around M·rk's neck. Mira is enjoying her freedom, but then her "new family" gives her a shock. 
Arata Kangatari|2013|The stage is the world of Amawakuni, where mankind coexists with the many gods. There, a boy called Arata is wrapped up in a coup d'Ètat led by the Twelve Shinsho, wielders of swords called Hayagami. When he is accused of murdering a princess, Arata escapes to a forest, where he finds himself transported to the modern world. 
Arbor Live!|2009|Global rock star Stevie Salas hosts ARBOR LIVE, a high energy, fast paced music variety show featuring emerging Aboriginal artists along side today's global super stars. Join Stevie, his assistant "famed actor" Eric Schweig and comedic director "Steelbird" as they present these incredible live performances, in-depth artist interviews and hilarious comedic back stage antics with featured artists. 
Arby 'n' the Chief|2008|This show follows the adventures of two halo toys' lives. One is a dimwitted Halo 2 Master Chief action figure and the other is a brilliant and skilled video game player who is a Halo 2 Arbiter action figure. They go from battling hackers to battling each other during their wacky mishaps. Watch and enjoy this universally, critically acclaimed show that has swept the nation. 
Arc the Lad|1999|Join Elk, the youngest member of the Hunters Guild, who finds himself propelled into an epic odyssey across a mysterious world in search of the enigmatic outlaw known as Arc The Lad. Together with the mysterious Lieza and the powerful warrior Shu, Elk must defeat a sinister organization that's creating half-human monsters and find his way to Arc, whom Elk believes responsible for the destruction of his village! 
Arcana|2012|Stairs, an average twenty-something gradually learns that behind the veil of our collective reality exists a realm of ancient and powerful beings that have influenced human development for thousands of years . . . and now they want the world to know it. Startled by visions, chased by strange personages, and assisted by knowledgeable strangers, Stairs embarks on a reluctant journey of self-discovery and is drawn into the world of The Gambit. Along the way, Stairs he must solve the riddles of the mystical, unpredictable, and prophetic Major Arcana of the Tarot deck, placing him in contact with mysterious beings known as Phoenix. As Stairs descends into The Gambit, he starts to understand that the nature of his reality has never been what it had seemed, and he undergoes a transformation that brings him to the brink of spiritual enlightenment and outright insanity. 
Arcanian's Web|????|In a futuristic world driven by steam power and clean renewable electric energy, six brilliant minds from all corners of the globe have been unexpectedly summoned to the impressive Lorem Estate in Oregon to assist with a curious murder investigation. They soon learn that all is not what it seems, and what started out as a homicide quickly escalates into a mystery that could hold the key to humanity's future survival. The solution lies deep underground, hidden behind a maze of tricks, thrills, horror, dead ends, and moments of fantastical amazement. The Arcanian Web is beginning to unravel, and time is running out. 
Archaeology and Jesus|2016|No place on earth has arrested the attention of adventurers and archaeologists like the Holy Land. But does what we dig up in Israel, bear resemblance to the stories that we read of Jesus in the Gospels? To answer this question Archaeology & Jesus follows two paths. You'll explore the process of archaeology with the top experts digging in Israel today. And along the way, you'll join New Testament scholar, Dr. Craig Evans, as he reveals ground breaking finds that illuminate the life, death and resurrection of Jesus. 
Archaeology|1991|Host John Rhys-Davies explores various archeological subjects and their link to stories of the past. In addition, we follow the efforts of archaeologists and the methods they use to discover the answers to these mysteries. 
Archaic Festivals|2016|In communities around the world, cultural traditions are preserved in centuries-old contests and celebrations. Regardless of origin, each one of these unique festivals is closely tied to the shared history and identity of those involved. 
Archer|1975|Lew Archer, a former policeman, is a private detective who is not above bending the law when trying to solve a case. His friend, Lieutenant Brighton, helps him with information. The show was loosely based on the character Lew Archer in the Ross Macdonald novels. 
Archibelge!|2015|Archibelge takes an unusual look at the thought behind and the lifestyle of people living in everyday Belgian architecture. We travel through the countryside and through towns until we reach the Belgian coast in search of unusual buildings seen through the eyes of people who use them on a day-to-day basis. 
Archie Bunker's Place|1979|Television sitcom which was a continuation of 'All in the Family.' In this series, Archie Bunker gets to loudly voice his opinions in his own bar, instead of at home. 
Archie's Funhouse|1970|Archie appears on stage in front of a theater full of (live-action) kids each week and introduces his Fun House and the star of the show, the Giant Jukebox. The Archie gang gives its audience crazy blackout gags, outrageous puns and wacky jokes. The regular segments are "How to Catch a Man" with Big Ethel, "Thunderbolt Theatre" and "Giant Jukebox Jokes." Semi-regular features include "The Early Early Show," "Betty's Diary," "The Big, Big World of Sports" with Coach Cleats, an inept trapeze act with Reggie and Moose; and more. Each episode has three songs performed by The Archies. 
Archie's Weird Mysteries|1999|Archie Andrews is a fickle, freckled fellow who's in a love triangle with the likeable Betty Cooper and the spoiled Veronica Lodge, a battle of wits with Reggie Mantle, and a friendship with Judghead Jones. Other characters include principal Mr. Weatherbee "The Bee" Big Ethel, who has a crush on Jughead, and the nerdy Dilton Doiley. Archie publishes an article in the school newspaper called "Archie's Weird Mysteries", which chronicles his exploits investigating strange phenomena. His adventures deal with time travelers, aliens, monsters (often creations of Dilton) and various other oddities. He also writes in his laptop journal at the end of every day, and always ends off his installment with the words: "...in a little town called Riverdale." 
Archipels|2007|Biblical in name only, City of God, the favela of Rio de Janeiro, has a history marked by violence, poverty, and drug trafficking. A reality recounted in 2002 by an eponymous film, that made City of God the most famous favela in the world and a symbol of the tough reality facing a big part of the Brazilian population. However, the last few years have seen City of God experience a real revolution. Rio De Janeiro being a host city for the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil and the 2016 Olympic Games, local authorities have implemented a new security policy based on the installation of "Pacifying Police Units" in some of the poor neighborhoods such as the City of God, with the goal to restore order and promote security. And while some of the problems facing this community still exist today, guns have turned silent in the streets of the City of God. And the 47 000 inhabitants of this favela can now reveal another facet of their lives: one of a community that works, sings, and laughs. In a word, a community that thrives. "City of God, the redemption of a favela" is a positive film that goes beyond the usual cliches (so often portrayed in the media) by bringing together artists, former drug traffickers, police officers, and simple citizens who made, and are still making, the City of God into what it is. 
Architects of Hip Hop|2017|A one hour show/series that chronicles the life of a Hip Hop artist before, during, and after their journey and accomplishments that have contributed to global influences of Hip Hop culture and it's components. The Architects of Hip Hop focuses on the grass root years and the successful efforts of those in Hip Hop from the late 1970's to 2000. Disc Jockeys, Graffiti Artists, Break Dancers, and Rappers engaged in candid conversation that reveal what life and their mind state was like and what it took to accomplish and sustain, the choice to continue or leave a high profile life and if so readjusting to a different life today. 
Architecture School|2008|This six-part documentary series from creators Michael Selditch and Stan Bertheaud follows a group of students enrolled in Tulane University's School of Architecture, a proactive and socially-conscious architecture curriculum, as they design and build an affordable house intended to be sold to a needy and qualified home-buyer in post-Katrina devastated New Orleans. "Architecture School" opens a window onto the art and science of architecture while telling a unique and uplifting story about the literal rebuilding of New Orleans. Filmed during the 2007-2008 school year, the series follows the construction of the third home in Tulane University's URBAN/build program, which offers fourth-year architecture students the opportunity to design and build a low-cost single-family home over the course of the school year. Co-founded in 2005 by Reed Kroloff and Ila Berman, URBAN/build is a partnership between Tulane's prestigious School of Architecture and Neighborhood Housing Services of New Orleans (N.H.S.), a 32-year-old nonprofit agency that works to restore urban neighborhoods and offers assistance to first-time low income home-buyers. N.H.S. facilitates the sale of the URBAN/build home, and also provides the capital and land. Tulane provides the creativity, expertise and manpower, in the form of the students themselves. For the students, URBAN/build represents a chance to see their ideas realized at an unusually early stage of their professional careers, not to mention a way to contribute to a city still struggling nearly three years after Hurricane Katrina. For residents of New Orleans, URBAN/build offers a chance to own an exceptional new home, one built with their needs in mind. 
Archives of American Television|1997|After two decades and 874 in-depth oral history interviews, The Archive of American Television will be the foundation of The Interviews: An Oral History of Television. The Interviews houses original Archive collection, the Bob Hope Comedy Collection, Emerson College's American Comedy Archives, plus additional interviews produced by and with partner organizations. And the Academy will also continue producing new interviews. Founded in 1997, the Television Academy Foundation's Archive of American Television has conducted over 850 oral history interviews (over 4000 hours) with the legends of television. Rebranded in its 20th year as "The Interviews: An Oral History of Television" these conversations chronicle the birth and growth of American TV History as it evolves. The Interviews continue to produce new oral histories every year. The collection covers a variety of professions, genres, and topics in electronic media history. 
Archives of the Heart|2015|Summer and Mason are giving their marriage a try, yet unforeseen challenges present themselves. Samantha returns home to visit her family, but the reunion quickly becomes uncomfortable. Answering the call of duty, Summer and Sky investigates a homicide scene. 
Arctic Air|2012|Arctic Air is paying the price for Bobby's run-in with the well-connected and vindictive Ronnie Dearman as contracts drop faster than the temperature in Yellowknife. Unable to make payroll, Bobby orchestrates a chance meeting with Rafael Silva, a wealthy industrialist who needs a lift and just happens to have a mining contract that could save Arctic Air. Bobby hasn't done much flying over the last ten years and the take-off is rough. Arctic Air - Season One Press Kit Episode Log lines & Summaries Page 2 of 5 The landing... even worse. Rafael figures out Bobby's plan and isn't pleased to have been conned. Still needing a way to cover payroll, Bobby charms his way into a high-stakes poker game with none other than Ronnie Dearman across the table. Without the buy-in, Bobby is forced to use Mel's plane as collateral. Meanwhile, Arctic Air accepts a supply run that has to go perfectly if they hope to turn a profit. But when the load breaks free mid-flight, pinning Blake underneath, Krista is forced to choose between her duty as a captain and her personal feelings for Blake. With the DC-3 running low on fuel, Krista risks the lives of everyone on board in an attempt to save Blake. 
Arctic Circle|2018|Arctic Circle is set in the unforgiving polar region, amidst the icy landscapes of Finnish Lapland. After Nina Kautsalo, a Finnish police officer, finds a dying prostitute in an old cabin in the wilderness, the ensuing criminal investigation takes a surprise twist when a deadly virus is discovered in the prostitute's blood. However, when Thomas Lorenz, a German virologist, travels to Lapland to investigate the virus, he and Nina suddenly find themselves in the middle of an exceedingly unusual criminal investigation that ends up forcing them outside the law. 
Arctic Rescue|2015|Frozen rivers used as roads have become death traps for the reckless drivers that try crossing. Ron's, Borealis, and Lucky 7 are called on to rescue drivers on the verge of falling through. One false move and they could plunge through the ice below. 
Arctic Secrets|2016|Embark on a journey into the world's most unforgiving arctic zones, where land and ice are inseparably joined. Swim through the mammoth Mackenzie Delta, or explore the great tundra of Nunavik. These hostile regions yield little for the hardy wildlife and local Inuit tribes that wait patiently for an all-too-brief summer. 
Arctic|2011|Bruce Parry visits native and modern people who live under Arctic conditions in Siberia, Greenland, Alaska, Canada, Nordic Russia, Norwegian Lapland and Spitzbergen. He shares for one summer and considers the locals' natural hardship, economic and conservation prospects, including the effects of modernization and global warming. 
Are We There Yet?: World Adventure|2007|Ye-Haw! Joanna and Julia visit Canada to experience the largest outdoor festival in the world - The Calgary Stampede. The girls enjoy some amusement rides, try riding a horse, watch a rodeo and dance in an aboriginal Pow-Wow. Before they leave, Joanna and Julia enjoy a huge fireworks show! 
Are You Afraid of the Dark?|1990|A group of kids calling themselves "The Midnight Society" spends each episode sitting around a campfire swapping scary stories. Creepy, but never gory or excessively frightening, common subjects included haunted houses, what goes on behind the neighbor's walls, and other things that go bump in the night. A revival of the popular early-90's ghost story show of the same name. A group of kids calling themselves "The Midnight Society" spends each episode sitting around a campfire swapping scary stories. Creepy, but never gory or excessively frightening, common subjects included haunted houses, what goes on behind the neighbor's walls, and other things that go bump in the night. 
Are You Being Served?|1972|This quintessentially British sitcom is about Grace Brothers, a department store in London which is owned and kept traditional, almost pre-war (e.g. precise dress code for ladies frills and gentlemen's hats according to rank), by two brothers who look old enough to have fought in the Boer war but rarely appear, as most scenes play on one floor where Mr. Cuthbert Rumbold is the executive (meaning he enjoys an endless parade of foxy but stupid secretaries) in charge of management while his dignified floor walker, Captain Stephen Peacock, has daily charge over two small sales teams. The bossy, implicitly man-hungry widow Mrs. Betty Slocombe supervises the attractive Miss Shirley Brahms (with a terribly common Cockney accent) -with first choice of customers, on commission- the sale of women's clothes and accessories; the sales star at the gentleman's side is Mr. Wilberforce Clayborne Humpries, an implied closet-gay true gentleman, whose successive superiors are first obviously nearly retired Mr. Ernest Grainger and later formerly independent Mr. Grosman while the successive cheeky juniors are Mr. Dick Lucas and Mr. Bert Spooner. A regular visitor, and the only manual laborer but apparently best paid, is union representative Mr. Mash. Their interaction with each-other and the customers is quite formal in principle, but turns out comical in practice. 
Are You Normal, America?|2012|New game show that will help viewers figure out how normal (or not) they are! Have you ever peeked at your boyfriend's emails? Or done your household chores naked? Do you and your spouse sleep in separate bedrooms? In addition to ourselves, we also wonder about the people around us: boyfriends, girlfriends, co-workers and neighbors. This lively game show will answer our most burning questions by using a highly scientific and deeply revealing poll, in addition to a jury of real Americans, man-on-the-street polling, real life situations shot in the field and in-studio demonstrations. Each episode will feature contestants who will win big money in their quest to learn if they're normal or not. 
Are You Positive|1952|Hosted by Bill Stern (and later Frank Coniff), this program tested the sports knowledge of a panel sports columnists and other experts on all things athletic. One of the frequent challenges to the panel was to identify a famous athlete from pictures taken when he or she was just a child. 
Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?|2007|Contestants compete for $1 million on this atypical quiz show that tests adults' lack of knowledge as revealed by how much they've forgotten since elementary school. These contestants find themselves in a classroom setting and revisiting their youth as they tackle subjects ranging from art to geography and math to social studies. Players are not alone, however; there is a way for them to "cheat" in this classroom. A real estate agent and a paleontologist have the opportunity to get help from real grade-schoolers who will offer what they think is the correct a-n-s-w-e-r to win big for themselves and deserving grade schools. 
Are You There God? It's Me Margot|2017|Meet Margot, an eccentric twenty something struggling to navigate the ins and outs of relationships, friendships, companionship, basically any kind of "ship." Luckily, Margot and her friends never fail to shy away from sharing their differing perspectives. It's like that old adage "girlfriends and wine are cheaper than therapy." As Margo attempts to understand, dissect and experience life, it often leads her to continuously beg the question, "Are you there God? Its Me, Margot." 
Are You There, Chelsea?|2012|Angelic teenage pop singer-guitarist Luke is the star at a church chastity party for bachelors, becoming desired by every girl. Chelsea gets him 'intamately', but hearing he's still a virgin before the go all the way decides against him altogether. Realizing Lukee would be perfect for her couch-addicted virgin flatmate Dee Dee, she matches them, but precisely their kisses turn her off, until Rick suggest TV-style romance. 
Are You Tougher Than a Boy Scout?|2013|John, Marc and Jason all have something to prove: Two are former Eagle Scouts and one wants to see what would have happened if he hadn't dropped out as a teen. The next challenge threatens to halt the competition when a contestant gets heat exhaustion. The last challenge pits the sole adult against Rio in "Sink or Swim." 
Are You the One: Second Chances|2017|Are you the one second chances is the spinoff of MTV'S original show Are you the one. Where contestants must figure who in the house is their perfect match. In the spinoff producers have brought couples who were proven to be perfect matches in AYTO and know they must figure why they're perfect matches through out a series of challenges. But there is a twist, the couples who are chosen for potential elimination must decide to share or steal. If both choose share they stay to fight another week. If one chooses share and the other chooses steal the one who chose share goes home with $0 and the one who chose steal goes home with whatever money they have in their bank. And if both choose to steal then the couple goes home with no money and whatever they have in their bank goes to the couple who ranked last place. 
Are You the One?|2014|10 women and 10 men try to seek out love in a 10 week stay at this house all together in Hawaii where true love is really put to the test. Along the way couples go into this thing called a truth booth to find out if they are a "perfect match" or "no match" at all. 
Area 88|1985|A young pilot who is the fiance of the daughter of the owner of a airline is tricked into enlisting as a mercenary fighter pilot for a small nation's airforce by a malicious false friend. Now he battles to earn the money necessary to buy his freedom before he truly loses his humanity in the horror of war. 
Area|2002|Looking to add trendy color to a dull white room? Want to merge two people's stuff into a single space and make it all look terrific? Shopping for a sofa but don't have a clue what you need to know before you buy? This is the perfect show for you. Area is the practical, exciting and up-to-the-moment home-design series that will inspire you to live well. Join host Lise Simms as she shares hot products, top values, basic decorating ideas, insider tips and much more--all geared to make your home look great. 
Arena 66|2018|A self-driven leader; a hard-working family man; a narcissistic drug-dealer; a ruthless boxer. When their paths collide at a fight club, they must learn to work as a team under the guidance of an imposing cop in order to take down a cartel. 
Arena|1975|Music documentary. Arena spends the summer with super cool self-confessed rock chick, Chrissie Hynde - shopping for clothes in Paris, hanging out with Sandra Bernhard in New York, life in London and a special trip back to her home town of Akron, Ohio. The intimate portrait also features a glorious live performance at one of London's newest venues, Omeara. 
Areumdawoon naldeul|2001|Sun-jae's father and Sung-chun are like brothers. Sun-jae's father was murdered by Sung-chun in 1975 before Sun-jae was born. Sung-chun's involvement in the murder was covered up. In 1985 immediately after Sung-chun's wife dies, Sung-chun has Sun-jae and his mother move in with him and his children (Min-chul and Minji). Sung-chun tells everyone Sun-jae is his real son, but in actuality he is not. Min-chul and Minji hate their father, Sun-jae and Sun-jae's mother. Sun-jae meets Yonsoo and Sena while visiting Grace Home (an orphanage). Yonsoo is touched by Sun-jae's kindness. Yonsoo accidentally burns Sena with hot water and is guilt-ridden. In 1995, Yonsoo leaves Sena at the orphanage to look for a job and earn money so that Sena can join her later. She promises to meet Sena at the Seoul Tower on Christmas Day. 
ArgaÔ: La prophÈtie|2000|New York 2075. The evil Queen Dark rules the world and by casting a spell upon girls she remains alive forever. Prince Argai from 1250 a.d. is furious when he discovers his fiancee Angel has been enchanted; a lightning flash sends him to 2075 where he seeks refuge with private detective Oscar Lightbulb, his assistant Barnaby and their secretary Miss Moon. It is discovered that a book of prophecies exists that details every ingredient they need for the potion to rescue Angel. They copy this book, but it gets stolen by Queen Dark who then knows their every next move. Will they succeed in collecting the ingredients, rescuing Angel and the destruction of Queen Dark? 
Argento Soma|2000|Life Ends... Tatkuto Kaneshiro is a gifted young man. A student in metallurgy in college, he's something of a genius. He's got a sweet, lovable girlfriend. And he's got a lot of dreams for his future. But one day, all those dreams will shatter. In a freak accident during a secret experiment, he will loose everything that's most dear to him. And following these events, he will lose his sense of self. After the accident, as he hovers between life and death, a mysterious man spouting Shakespeare offers him a chance to get what he now wants most: revenge. Takuto Kaneshiro is dead. And from him, Ryu Soma is born. Now, working as a part of the anti-alien military unit FUNERAL, Ryu Soma is determined to get his revenge. Takuto Kaneshiro has it all: a girlfriend, a knack for metallurgy, and a bright future. But all of that comes crashing down one night. Takuto is led into assisting a scientist with reviving an alien android known as Frank. However, a freak accident involving the alien claims the life of Takuto's girlfriend Maki and leaves Takuto with a badly disfigured face. With the guidance of a mysterious man, Takuto adopts the identity of Ryu Soma, a new recruit for an anti-alien task force called FUNERAL, and hopes to use this to get his revenge on Frank. But as he investigates the horrific aliens landing on Earth and meets a little girl with a deep psychological connection to Frank, he realizes there may be more to the story than his vendetta... 
Argh! Det gjorde jeg bare ikk'|2011|On this episode Christina from Copenhagen wakes up in the middle of the game of her life, only to discover that she has been a very nauseated news anchor, she has introduced strange new working routines at the local juice bar, she has won the unknown Miss Fur pageant and given an unforgettable acceptance speech, and apparently she has also been trying to sell sex toys at the local kitchen appliance store. Now in front of friends, family and a live studio audience, she has the chance of a lifetime to win the holiday of her dreams - if only she can remember what the heck she's been doing? 
Argyle Park|2014|Argyle Park is a gritty crime drama taking place in the fictional city of Argyle Park, a place which once thrived, but is now overrun by the gangs, organized crime, and the crooked cops who inhabit it. When a robbery attempt turns to murder, it proves just how muddy a situation can get. With a web of characters who intermingle, Argyle Park will have you on the edge of your seat all the way through. 
Ari og Per|2011|A troubled photographer, Per Heimly- and a the man who married the Princess of Norway, Ari Behn, explores the world. They travel all over the world to meet other cultures, face obstacles and get to know new people. Together they laugh,smile and cry. 
Aria the Origination|2008|In Neo Venezia, Akari, Aika, and Alice work diligently toward becoming Prima Undine (pro tour guide gondolier). The girls have come far since they began their training, and are forming their own distinctive styles..The girls rely on the advice of their seniors, will the girls be able to blend the advice from their mentors with their acquired knowledge to become praiseworthy Prima Undines? 
Aria the Scarlet Ammo|2011|Aria tries to strong-arm Kinji into teaming up with her--by threatening to live in his room until he complies! When he fails to shake her, the two end up on a cat caper. Later, Kinji decides to investigate the transfer student's background. 
Aria: The Animation|2005|Fifteen year-old Akari leaves everything behind to travel to Aqua, a sparkling planet covered in water. More than anything Akari wants to be an undine - a female gondolier who navigates the canals of the Aquan city of Neo-Venezia. As she begins her training with the prestigious Aria Company, will she be up to the challenges that await her on the path to achieve her dream? 
Ariel Erisian|2012|'Ariel Erisian' plays as a surreal dramedy web series with a fantastical take on the genre itself. Following the life of a modern electronica duo, we crash back into Sam Lieber and Damien Lesley's lives as they arrive back to Vancouver from an eight month tour. Within our pilot episode we see the boys struggle with family, ex-girlfriends and a trickster mermaid. Sam copes with the recent divorce of his parents while Damien rides out a very bizarre initiation into shamanic practices. Natalie Wood, the band's manager and childhood chum, is the passed over love of Sam's life. She champions as the show's heroine, always there to be the loving friend and only person with any business sense between the three of them. Throughout Sam places himself in a bit of a psychological quandary, or so he thinks. Apparently appearing only to Sam, an ancient mermaid is awoken in our pilot episode by the young composer after searching for a 'symbol for the music' at various antique shops. Intensely mysterious and alluring, this mermaid sings her song with beauty and mischief. Her purpose always shrouded, her mainly fun essence always felt, her beauty seeping through the cracks of the duo's reality. And so we ask the question: Siren or Muse? you choose~ 
Ariel Mothers aka Ariel Maa|2000|This program is the winner of National TV Award of year 2002 for the best program in Private Productions. The idea behind this program was to explore & bring in front of masses the personality of a mother who, either belonging to any class or religion, keeps the same feelings and emotions of sacrifice, love and devotion for her children. The sacrifices and pains taken by mothers were shown through listening their stories in their own languages and at their own places whether they lived in any corner of Pakistan. The team traveled through almost whole Pakistan to cover the stories from all areas. Another segment was of celebrities of all ages who used to share feelings about their mothers. 
Ariel's Friends|2016|A talk show centered around the fascinating stories of the trials, roadblocks, and adversity that faced some of today's young up and coming entertainers, performers, and business owners. All of whom were personally encountered by and became friends with the host of the show before being featured on the show, allowing them to be placed on the elusive and exclusive list, Ariel's Friends. 
Arifureta kiseki|2009|Two lonely young people meet on a train platform when, having instinctively realized that a man is about to throw himself in front of a train and they jump in to prevent him. Slowly, delicately, sometimes awkwardly, they begin a relationship. 
Arise & Shine|2011|Pastor Nathan Webber, The CHurch of Salem Oregon, teaches weekly life applications from the bible that will inspire you to achieve and live to your fullest potential. Each episode covers the most challenging scenarios that we each face in our day to day lives, offers us hope and alternative ways to approach our most trying obstacles and uncovers deep truths that will transform our lives and make us shine! 
Aristocrats|1999|Lady Caroline Lennox is the daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Richmond and a direct descendant of King Charles II. Her parents despair at the fact that although she is now in her third season, she has yet to accept one of the many suitors who have indicated a interest in her. Lord Richmond admits that he indulges her, as he does all of his children, but he loves them all dearly and is prepared to let Caroline choose her future husband. Her parents are less pleased however when she develops an interest in Henry Fox. Although a member of the Cabinet, Fox is known for his affairs with many women and her parents flatly refuse to allow the match sending Fox away unceremoniously, banishing him from the house. In a fit of rebellion, as her younger sister Lady Emily calls it, she marries Fox without her father's permission and finds herself expelled from the family. Lady Emily learned from this experience and when her father initially refuses to let her marry Lord Kildare, a wealthy Irish landowner and aristocrat, she opts to bide her time. She gets her way in the end. 
Arizona Centennial Conversations with Sandra Day O'Connor|2012|Sen. DeConcini recalls serving in the U.S. Senate with Goldwater. Rep. Shadegg tells stories of the 1952 election that shifted Arizona's political landscape from Democrat to Republican, with the help of archival footage of Goldwater and Udall. 
Arizona Highways|2004|Arizona Highways Television series is the only locally produced, statewide non news program in both English and Spanish dedicated to highlighting the history, culture and uniqueness of our great state. This is the only statewide local television show broadcast on top network affiliates where companies will have the exclusive opportunity to brand themselves as a vital part of the community they serve. 
Ark II|1976|After Earth has been devastated by years of pollution and nuclear war, a group of scientists send out a team of young people as well as an intelligent chimpanzee to seek out the surviving pockets of human beings in order to help rebuild civilization. Also, as they meet these people they take time to teach them valuable life lessons along the way. 
Ark|2009|Connie is kidnapped from her home and wakes to find herself on a spaceship. She explores and meets others who may or may not share her situation or sense of urgency. The enormity of her predicament unfolds accordingly. Would have liked to have seen this developed further. 
Arka Sokaklar|2006|In Istanbul, there is a newly formed special team which contains only some selected commisioners is led by a legendary policeman, Riza Captain, who is also called "Riza Father". Under the guidance of their Riza Father, the best police squad in Istanbul is fighting against crime. 
Arkansas Traveler|2017|Arkansas Traveler is the tale of Wayland McGlawhorn in the grips of the blood, death, and devil that are his experiences as a ruthless rebel soldier who just wants to get back home to his wife. But the aftermath of war has sown its pain far and wide. 
Arkitektur I Live|2012|The premiere at the Royal Playhouse is tonight - and the young costume assistant makes the costumes ready. By mistake she ruins the the lead actress dress. She has to work hard and and enter many rooms and corridors in the the house to make it till tonight. 
Arkivet|2006|If you want to preserve a feeling of relative safety and harmony in life you better avoid thinking too much about certain matters. Like what sausages consist of, how laws are made. And what really goes on in hospitals. The Archive follows the daily chores of six individuals who work in the deep catacombs of a hospital, more specifically in the hospital archive where the case records are kept. Archive Director Dagny loves her colleagues with all her heart. But is love and care enough when the hospital administration sends their most insensitive computer engineer to take on the (long overdue) task of digitizing every file from A to Z? How can they preserve status quo when facing the evil nerd from hell? Dagny claims they have nothing to fear but fear itself. After all engineers have their own jobs, she reasons, they have no interest in taking theirs. Her strategy: don't rock the boat and everything will eventually return to normal. 
Arli$$|1996|Arliss Michaels is not a sports agent, he is a sports super agent. To his athletes, and to the world around them, he is God. He is like Jerry Maguire, but without a conscience. 
Armadillo|2001|Lorimer Black is an insurance loss adjuster working for a ruthless employer. He investigates fires and gets on the wrong side of policyholders who do not receive full payouts as a result of his decisions. He has a sleep disorder and regularly goes to a sleep clinic. He has a gypsy background and seems ashamed of his family, so has changed his name. He falls in love with a woman he first sees on tv and then in a cab. 
Armageddon - Der Einschlag|2007|In a half-documentary, half-movie format we go from just days before the comet makes landfall to months after when those left behind move on to make a new world in the face of what could have ended it all. 'Super Comet' follows these events as seen through the eyes of people in various locations world wide, from a family in Paris, France to a tribe of pygmies in Cameroon everyone is effected. 
ArmaÁ„o Ilimitada|1985|The adventures of two surfers, Juba and Lula, living in the same apartment with their shared girlfriend Zelda Scott, a journalist who admired Simone de Beauvoir and had a neurotic boss, editor of the newspaper "Correio do Crep˙sculo". Her best friend was the plump Ronalda Cristalda. Besides, she was the daughter of political refugees, and couldn't make up her mind about which boy she would commit herself to. Living in the apartment also was Bacana, an orphan they kind of adopted, and who, despite being a child, proved to be the most mature of them all. 
Armchair Cinema|1973|This one-off TV play became the pilot episode of the British police series 'The Sweeney', and introduced the tough detective Jack Regan, whose hard, unconventional methods of detection bring him more trouble from his bosses than from criminals. 
Armchair Detective|1949|A kind of do-it-yourself mystery series, in which a pair of short, one-act plays was presented. In each, a crime was committed, investigated, and eventually solved, after which H. Allen Smith of the California State Legislation would explain each step of the investigation, ending with how the authorities arrived at the solution. 
Armchair Directors|2010|Real reviews from real filmmakers. Crandall and Mercy are two independent filmmakers who bring their love of writing/directing to the table to review the latest movies on blu-ray. No pretentious snobbery, just an honest look at movies from two people with a passion for filmmaking. Crandall and Mercy will let you know the 'best part/worst part' of a movie and help you decide if it's worth your time and hard earned cash. For down to Earth reviews from people who know, you've come to the right place. Real reviews from real filmmakers. Armchair Directors is a weekly 30 minute movie review show that airs in Southern Ontario on Rogers TV (Kitchener-Waterloo, Cambridge, Guelph, Brantford and Stratford). Crandall and Mercy are two independent filmmakers who bring their love of writing/directing to the table to review the latest movies on blu-ray. No pretentious snobbery, just an honest look at movies from two people with a passion for filmmaking. Crandall and Mercy will let you know the 'best part/worst part' of a movie and help you decide if it's worth your time and hard earned cash. For down to Earth reviews from people who know, you've come to the right place. 
Armchair Mystery Theatre|1960|First episode of new series called "Armchair Mystery Theatre", set in a Cornish fishing village, peopled with sinister local rustic types. A "Wicker Man" atmosphere to the story, without quite making the occult connection. The male lead (Houston) is a successful businessman taking a well earned holiday with his wife (Lana Morris). The tension builds and the couple's situation in the village becomes ever more threatened, culminating in the apparent abduction of Houston - with his wrist watch remaining in the hands of the main village protagonist. There the story ends, with Lana very much in peril. 'There's nothing to be frightened of..nothing to worry about at all'. 
Armchair Theatre|1956|The first adventure of David Callan, top agent for the S.I.S. Forcibly "retired" several years earlier because he had lost his nerve, Callan is called back into service to handle the assassination of Schneider, a German businessman who may be more than he seems. This TV movie lead the way to a TV series, entitled "Callan", and the same story was later adapted into a theatrical film, also entitled "Callan". 
Armchair Thriller|1978|Despite complying with the kidnapper's demands, Tina isn't safely returned to her owners as agreed. A smart young copper from the local force (who took the couple's problem seriously) decides to investigate - despite the indifference and cynicism of his police colleagues. 
Armed & Famous|2007|In the premiere episode, the celebrities arrive in Muncie, Indiana to begin their training to become official reserve police officers. From their first meeting with the head of the Muncie police department, Chief Joe Winkle, the cadets realize they're no longer in Hollywood. Muncie's newest crime fighters are in for the challenge of their life as they learn about everything from firearms, hand-to-hand combat and what it's like to be on the receiving end of a taser gun. Upon completion of their training, the celebrities are issued badges and guns, partnered with veteran officers and immediately hit the streets. To these five celebrities, serving the people of Muncie is a tremendous honor, but will they be able to live up to the real life pressures of being ARMED & FAMOUS? 
Armed & Ready|2013|Kevin Michael Connolly is an author, photographer and self-proclaimed thrill seeker who was born without legs but he's never let that get in his way. Connolly is on a mission to discover all this world has to offer, new cultures, meeting remarkable people and tackling difficult physical challenges. Getting around with only his hands and his skateboard, viewers will experience what makes Connolly an inspiration to us all. 
Armed Response|2013|A brand new, pulse-pounding show from "24" writer Matt Michnovetz, director Justin Lutsky and producer Tom Bannister, "Armed Response" is like stepping into a first-person shooter video game. Shot entirely from the POV of helmet and security cameras on location at the Port of Long Beach, this new style of filmmaking drops you right into the heart of the action. 
Armenian American|2015|Los Angeles born rapper and actor Nazo Bravo visits his homeland Armenia for the first time. In the first episode, Nazo shares his initial impressions of the country as he visits Armenia's "Statue of Liberty" Mother Armenia, is interviewed by an Armenian TV news station, and meets an iconic Armenian musician whom he dubs "the Armenian Johnny Cash". 
Armitage III|1995|Armitage, a saucy Martian cop, and her partner, Sylibus, track a killer who is revealing his female victims' identities as highly-advanced androids. Sylibus discovers that Armitage is one of them before witnessing her dramatic standoff with the murderer. 
Armstrong Circle Theatre|1950|Running for almost thirteen years, this dramatic anthology series featured many well-know actors and actresses, as well as a number who would later go on to become stars. Originally, the program presented dramas written by contemporary writers on a number of subjects, but later in its run it changed to documentary-style dramas on subjects ranging from espionage and the history of Russian communism to the dangers of medical and insurance fraud. 
Armstrong by Request|1959|Hosted by Douglas Edwards, this drama anthology was made up of selected episodes from the 1958-1959 season of "Armstrong Circle Theatre" and broadcast during the summer interval alternating with "The U.S. Steel Hour". The selected episodes included documentaries on pressing matters of public interest, such as the dangers of Communist spies in America. 
Army Wives|2007|After only a four day courtship, Roxy impetuously decides to marry Private First Class Trevor LeBlanc and moves with her two kids to his Army post. Floundering in her new life as an Army wife, she takes a job bar-tending at an off-post bar. While on the post, Roxy meets Claudia Joy Holden, who believes that her husband Colonel Michael Holden's promotion didn't come through because of base politics. Another Army wife, Pamela Moran, is heavily pregnant with twins - she's secretly acting as a surrogate to get her family out of debt. Meanwhile, psychiatrist Dr. Roland Burton is trying to reconnect with his wife, Lt. Colonel Joan Burton, who has just returned from Afghanistan. Then there's Denise Sherwood, who is dealing with her son Jeremy's anger-management issues as her strict husband, Major Frank Sherwood, is about to be deployed. The unlikely group bonds when Pamela unexpectedly goes into labor at Claudia Joy's wives' tea party. Not wanting everyone to know her family's dire financial situation, Pamela relies on these new friends to keep her surrogacy from being exposed. 
Army: Behind the New Frontlines|2017|With political and public opposition to military intervention overseas, budget cuts and the smallest number of troops since the days of Oliver Cromwell the British Army are having to play a new role in a deeply unstable world. Through the eyes of the rank and file troops and their leaders we follow British forces helping the Iraqis to defeat Islamic State. As the battle for Mosul begins, the series is with British regiments operating behind the front-lines. Soldiers from 1 Rifles are in Northern Iraq where they are training a group of Kurdish recruits called the Green Eagles. Many of the Eagles are civilians with little or no combat experience and the British troops have just weeks to train them. General Jones is the most senior British officer in Iraq, he is the Deputy Commander of an International Coalition of 73 nations. His job is to provide the Iraqi army with tactical advice and to use coalition airstrikes to shape the battlefield. But in the first 51 days of the fight to liberate Mosul IS have launched over 200 suicide attacks in vehicles, killing 2,700 Iraqi soldiers and destroying 25 per cent of the Iraqi army vehicles. Jones must convince the Iraqis to improve their military planning or else the Battle for Mosul could be lost. 4 Rifles are stationed in Al Anbar province to protect the strategically important military airbase at Al Asad. The region is a stronghold for IS and before the British arrived the airbase was under daily attack but now there are hundreds of Iraqi troops stationed here tasked with cutting the flow of IS fighters crossing the Syrian border 100 miles away to join the fight for Mosul. 4 Rifles are also training local forces here but in an area of widespread support for IS this poses a much higher level of risk than working with the Kurdish Peshmurga in the North. The British have intelligence that IS are trying to turn Iraqi soldiers against them and are holding a soldier's family in a bid to get him to shoot a British soldier. 
Arn|2010|Arn Magnusson remembers, as a fearful crusading templar, his youth in fractured Sweden's West Gotland. He and his brother Erskin were friends with king Erik's son Knut, until a neighboring warlord killed the king to seize the crown during the local church's solemn consecration. After Arn's seemingly fatal fall and 'miraculous survival', his mother insisted on keeping a promise to God to offer the boy as oblate to the regional abbey. There abbot Henri allowed father Guilbert, a former templar, to add warrior skills to his monastic education. After an incident in which he was forced to kill a bride-robber in a duel, Arn tries to prevent his family's feud with a haughty neighbor's getting bloodily out of hand. 
Arnaques|1998|Arnaques est un docu-divertissement qui retrace les arnaques d'ici et d'ailleurs et explore en profondeur diffÈrents aspects du monde des arnaqueurs. De la Vierge de Sainte-Marthe-sur-le-Lac qui verse des larmes de sang, ‡ la prÈtendue dÈcouverte du chaÓnon manquant, en passant par les reportages bidon diffusÈs ‡ la tÈlÈvision allemande ou les soi-disant greffes de testicules de boucs; les arnaqueurs n'ont jamais manquÈ d'imagination pour tromper, abuser, escroquer. Il n'y a pas d'arnaque sans faire-croire. Contrairement aux autre types de fraudes, l'arnaque est basÈe sur l'illusion, la mystification. Une arnaque rÈussie tient essentiellement ‡ un scÈnario bien ficellÈ. C'est d'abord une histoire, parfois passionnante ou curieuse, parfois choquante ou simplement cocasse. De l‡, le grand pouvoir de fascination de l'arnaque et son cÙtÈ divertissant. 
Arne Dahl: De stˆrsta vatten|2012|A police officer shoots and kills an African immigrant who is going to be deported from Sweden. Kerstin Holm is assigned the task of interviewing the police officer, who turns out to be her ex-boyfriend, Dag Lundmark. During a break in the interview, Lundmark disappears without a trace. Meanwhile, a burglar breaks into an apartment where he finds a body with a suicide note next to it. The letter leads to the discovery of two more bodies in a marsh in V‰rmland. The A-group discovers a connection between the two events which both prove to be linked to espionage in the international pharmaceutical industry. Kerstin Holm tries to track down Dag Lundmark on her own. Suddenly she realizes that he has come across a terrible secret, and is just waiting for her to find him. In the end she does. 
Arne Dahl: Dˆdsm‰ssa|2015|Early one morning, a bank office in the middle of Stockholm is hit with a violent robbery. When the police storm the premises, the robbers have vanished without a trace. The event mystifies the A Unit who, under the supervision of US Intelligence, takes the case. When they find a strange hiding place inside one of the bank's walls, with traces of secrets from the days of the Cold War, it soon becomes clear that the bank robbers are just pawns in a larger game. A game that will soon claim more victims. 
Arne Dahl: Efterskalv|2015|The explosion is powerful and the devastation enormous when a subway train explodes in Stockholm's tunnel system on a November night. The country is in shock. A group calling themselves "The Holy Riders of Siffin" claim responsibility for the attack in an anonymous call that the A Unit manages to trace. They think they are close to an arrest. What they don't know is that this is just the beginning of a hunt framed by political extremism, hate and death. 
Arne Dahl: En midsommarnattsdrˆm|2015|A series of brutal murders of Polish women hiding out in Sweden is the new A Unit's first assignment. The victims turn out to be key witnesses in a big case against the Polish mafia. Three of them are found murdered within a couple of days, and two are missing. The hope is that the missing women are still alive. Chief Inspector Kerstin Holm gets the case, and the hunt for a ruthless murderer and his shady victims begins. 
Arne Dahl: Europa blues|2012|A balmy summer night. The stillness is broken when a Jewish neuroscientist is found strung up by his feet above a grave in Stockholm. Meanwhile, a car is waiting outside a refugee facility in Vresta with the engine running. A few minutes later, a risky escape to a distant destination begins. The following morning a zookeeper makes a macabre discovery in the wolverine enclosure at Skansen, and the leads slowly start to take shape. The summer has started badly for the A-group. The cold winds of change are blowing through the corridors of National CID and somewhere out in Europe evil lies in wait for inspector Arto Sˆderstedt. 
Arne Dahl: Himmelsˆga|2015|Investigating a series of murders and kidnaps, 'A' Unit begin to suspect they are linked to a shared high school experience - but this still isn't getting them any closer to catching the killer. Paul is investigating the sudden and mysterious death of his new-found friend from the security service. 
Arne Dahl: Misterioso|2011|Three Swedish financiers are murdered over three consecutive nights. Evidence suggests that the killings will continue and the world of finance is panicked. The police quickly set up a special unit under the leadership of Detective Jenny Hultin. She hand picks six police officers from across the country and they form the so-called A-group. Under enormous pressure they attempt to solve the case before more finance officers are murdered. 
Arne Dahl: Mˆrkertal|2015|Two Swedish girls have been found dead on the outskirts of Brussels. The circumstances surrounding their deaths point to a vicious trafficking operation and the Swedish branch of the Black Hearts motorcycle gang. When another girl disappears from the same area, A Unit sees a shocking pattern. Shortly thereafter, a suspected kidnapper is found brutally murdered and the connection to Black Hearts becomes even more puzzling. Is someone else behind it? The missing girl's fate now rests entirely in A Unit's hands. 
Arne Dahl: Ont blod|2012|An American serial killer is on board a plane from New York to Stockholm. Without a proper identification and with great urgency A-group try to locate this passenger before Sweden inadvertently imports it's first American serial killer. The serial killer enters Sweden, and very soon he begins his killing spree. His methods are blood thirsty and can be traced back to the Vietnam War. A collaboration with the FBI begins in an desperate attempt to catch him. 
Arne Dahl: Upp till toppen av berget|2012|Group A are called in to investigate a car bomb in Holland but to their horror a policeman and his family were in the car. Further investigation reveal a link between drugs and child porn so can Group A make the required connection before its too late. 
Arnie|1970|Arnie Nuvo has worked on the loading dock at Continental Flange for years, and is quite content in his blue-collar life. When he suddenly gets promoted to Head of Product Improvement one day, his life is turned upside-down. Unsure of how to deal with his new white-collar coworkers and feeling isolated from his old friends, Arnie and his family must make some big adjustments as they struggle to get used to their new surroundings. 
Around Scotland|1995|The drama starts with the defeat of the Scottish army at the Battle of Methven and with the involvement of a local family when a wounded soldier on the run seeks their help. Presenter Sally Gray visits , the ancient burial place of Scottish kings, including Robert the Bruce. She highlights the importance of the kings who ruled over an independent Scotland. At the Scottish/English border, she investigates the start of the Wars of Independence. 
Around Space|2001|Around Space is a talk show, produced under the auspices of the DC-L5 chapter of the National Space Society, dealing with space-related topics. Around Space seeks to foster the vision of communities in space through educating people in the technology of space exploration and settlement. Through education, we endeavor to create a climate in which people will believe that communities in space are possible. We believe that space exploration is and will be a benefit to humanity. We seek to inspire people to journey to the undiscovered country-space. 
Around and About New Jersey|2015|The Around and About New Jersey television series consists of eight, fifteen-minute television programs intended for use in the elementary schools. The topics of the programs are following: the Lenape Indian Village at Waterloo State Park; the Morristown National Historic Park and the Revolutionary War; Paterson's Great Falls National Historic Park and the Botto House National Labor Museum; the Howell Living History Farm; the Still Family Reunion and the Underground Railroad; the Thomas A. Edison National Historic Park in West Orange; Roosevelt, New Jersey, and the Ben Shahn mural depicting Jewish immigration; and the Statehouse Tour and the meaning of democracy. The programs are introduced by former New Jersey First Lady Lucinda Florio and hosted by Midge Gerrera. The co-producers of the series were David Steven Cohen formerly of the New Jersey Historical Commission and the late Lou Presti formerly of New Jersey Network. In 1992 the series won a Middle Atlantic Regional Emmy for the best children's television series. 
Around the Horn|2002|Tony Reali hosts a fun, irreverent half hour of discussion and debate on sports-related topics. Reali chooses the topics and gives each of the panelists, sports writers from major newspapers, a chance to share their opinion, giving them points based on point-of-view, style, and information. He also has a mute button for each participant which he uses to penalize and direct traffic. At the end of each round, the contestant with the lowest score is eliminated until only one remains. 
Around the Next Bend|2012|Around the Next Bend is the story of two friends embarking on a remarkable personal journey far from home. Adrian Traquair and his good friend Dustin Corkery are two regular guys from the small city of Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada. Driven by a sense of adventure and excitement they travel halfway around the world to embark on a life-changing journey. From the waterway of one of the world's largest and holiest rivers, they begin to discover the magnificent country of India, and the unique people that inhabit it. They will grow to gain a greater understanding of themselves, and the world they live in, as they slowly raft down the mystic Ganges River. 
Around the Town|1950|In this documentary travelogue series that ran for just seven weeks on the NBC, host Bob Stanton tours around New York City with his mobile broadcasting unit introducing viewers to some of the interesting sights and sounds of the Big Apple. 
Around the Verse|2014|Season Two of Around the Verse begins here. This week, Community Manager Jared Huckaby sits down with Lead Writer David Haddock to discuss writing for Star Citizen and Squadron 42. Lisa Ohanian chats with Matt Sherman about continuing work on the Ship Item System in Ship Shape, and Ben Lesnick takes us Behind the Scenes on the Endeavor Science Vessel pod development. 
Around the World for Free|2009|Alex arrives at a safari camp deep in the Kenyan Masai Mara and gets right to work to earn his stay. Besides brush-clearing and hauling water he takes part in several safari treks, both on foot and in open-top vehicles. The Kenyan Mara teems with wildlife: lions, elephants, giraffes and countless others pass within feet of Alex's car. Alex also treks on foot to a Kenyan Masai village where he makes fire and participates in welcoming festivities. After the work stint in the Mara camp, Alex goes to Nairobi and stops at an AIDS orphanage along the way. Back in the city, a web supporter springs for a hotel room - but no food. Alex then finds himself in the middle of great civil unrest following the recent presidential elections. After a few days in the locked-down, deserted capital, he secures a flight to Mumbai, India thanks to his South African supporters. Alexan flies out without an Indian visa, armed only with reassurances from web supporters and Indian authorities that he'll obtain a Landing Permit to allow entry. Upon arrival in Mumbai however, Alex finds out that his hoped-for Landing Permit won't be granted and that he's getting deported back into the riots of Kenya. His protests notwithstanding, Alex is promptly put back on the same plane he arrived on and shipped back to Nairobi, without his luggage. Alone at the airport, Alex has no choice but to camp out in the terminal building for a few days. Local web news producer Kimaita steps up to take Alex into his home, but it takes him two attempts just to get to the airport due to security issues. He picks up Alex and crossing road blocks, they tour a deserted Nairobi with its bare-shelved stores and empty gas stations. The political riots continue and a major demonstration is planned for downtown Nairobi - Alex decides to head into the heart of it, tagging along with Kimaita's news crew. Having lost his plane ticket to India, on the morning of the demonstration Alex discovers that web supporters from the US are offering to fly him to Bangkok, Thailand. Meanwhile Nairobi's poorer neighborhoods are up in flames and smoke canisters are landing too close for comfort as Alex arrives with the news crew to Uhuru Park. However, the large police and army presence prevents the rampaging crowds from reaching the heart of the city where Alex and the crews await. After a few tense hours Alex decides to make his way back to the airport and leave for Bangkok, flying out the same day. Alex is welcomed in Thailand by locals Claire and Bo who arrange for him to stay in an unused office building over the weekend. The girls take him out on the town to see Siam Square, Khao Sarn Road and sample some unbeatable Thai food. 
Around the World in 80 Days|1989|Phileas Fogg accepts a wager to prove his contention that a man can go around the world in 80 days. After betting his entire fortune, he takes his new butler (a man hoping for a quite life) on a tour of the world. However, just before the time he leaves, the Bank of England is robbed and a Detective believes that Fogg is the guilty party and he sets out after him. 
Around the World in 80 Faiths|2009|Anglican priest Simon Owen-Jones starts his comparative studio of religions -especially minorities- in Australasia. In largest Muslim country Indonesia, he meets the Bougie people, which also maintains its animism with transgender mediums, and the pure animism of the isolated Tora, where corpses are kept in their room and treated as if alive during the years of preparation for extremely elaborate funerals, the family's priority and community-building. On the mainly Catholic Philippines, he enjoys a church festival incorporating a bull ride as symbol of the submitting paganism, which thus survives culturally. In Australia, he meets Aboriginals, where much of the dream world paganism gets lost, but immigrants find a new home for persecuted religions mistaken for devil-worship, like dualism, and the urban revival of nature-cult witchcraft. Finally to Tanna island in Vanuata, isolated enough for tribal religion to survive in its original form, volcano worship and hallucination-inducing plant extract, and spring new cults founded by modern prophets, one anti- and one Christian-inspired. 
Around the World in 80 Gardens|2008|Monty starts his tour of Australia in Syndey, like colonization did, initially struggling to establish any agriculture. A public park and royal botanical gardens demonstrate how most ornamental plants were introduced from Europe, the home country (which in turn imported from elsewhere). A seemingly wild native plants park in the desert calls to contemplate what a garden is. Next Melbourne, the country's gardening capital. Finally overseas to New Zealand. 
Around the World in 80 Plates|2012|"Around the World in 80 Plates" is television show on Bravo which combines elements of "Top Chef" with "The Amazing Race" where 12 chef contestants travel the world competing in "Race"-like challenges as well as taking over restaurants and serving local diners a la "Top Chef". In each episode a different international location is featured including Hong Kong, London, Tuscany and Barcelona, and contestants will need to learn each location's culture, customs and cuisine to prepare a dinner service for the locals in which the diners decide the winner of each show's competition. The challenge winner gets immunity on the next episode while chefs are eliminated by their fellow contestants, similar to "Survivor". Ultimately the winner of each season takes home US$150,000 and a new car. 
Around the World in 80 Treasures|2005|In this 10-part BBC documentary series, architect and arts expert Dan Cruickshank takes a five month world tour visiting his personal selection of the eighty greatest man-made treasures (mostly buildings and artifacts) in 34 countries on all inhabited continents. The episodes cover: 1∞ Peru via Chile's Easter Island to Brazil; 2∞ Mexico to Central North America (in the USA); 3∞ Australia trough Indonesia and Thailand to Cambodia; 4∞ Japan to China ; 5∞ India to Sri Lanka (formerly Ceylon); 6∞ Uzbekistan trough Azerbaijan and Iran (Persia) to Syria; 7∞ Jordan via the Jerusalem Temple Mount to Ethiopia; 8∞ Mali trough Libya to Egypt; 9∞ Turkey trough Russia and Poland to Germany; 10∞ Bosnia trough Greece, Italy and Spain to France and Home. 
Around the World in 80 Ways|2011|The hosts will attempt to travel the globe using 80 different modes of travel, including blimp, fighter jet, ostrich, canoe, chariot and hitchhiking, without repeating any of them. Sometimes they will work together and sometimes they will race as they seek to accomplish their goal. 
Around the World with Orson Welles|1955|In 1955, Orson Welles directed and hosted a mini series for British television. He leads us through a few famous places of Europe with his inimitable touch. In Paris he introduces us to famous artists such as Juliette GrÈco or Jean Cocteau who lived in the Saint Germain Des Pres quarter. In London we meet the Chelsea Pensioners, in Spain we attend a Madrid Bullfight and visit the Basque country (Basque Country 1&2). Somewhere between a home movie and a cinematic essay, these short films have been described by French critics as the missing link in Welles' work. 
Arqueologias, em busca dos primeiros brasleiros|2017|It's part of the national psyche: Every little girl and boy learns in class about Cabral, the navigator who, half a millennium ago, crossed the Atlantic to discover the country that would come to be called Brazil. But what about Brazil before it became Brazil? Who were the first habitants of this flank of the Americas? Where did they come from, how did they get here, and how did they live? With these questions and dozens more, a new generation of researchers is roaming the countryside, from the caves to the coastline. The number of archaeologists working sites in Brazil has soared. In search of a lost Brazil is a series that follows in their footsteps. In six episodes, we follow Brazilian scientists dedicated to exploring the country's deepest roots. The series' range extends from the Amazon rainforest to the desert-like backlands of the sert„o, from the geoglyphs of Acre to the painted caverns of the Serra da Capivara National Park. At each dig, new relics are turning up while old ones are being re-examined. The Brazil emerging from these expeditions is in constant transformation, but already has challenged some of the cherished myths and received wisdom about this patch of the New World. Never has the past had a more promising future in Brazil. 
Arranged|2015|Modern romance can be a colossal headache. Maybe some traditions really do get it right - arranged marriages can last a lifetime while "true love" partnerships land in divorce court! In this lifestyle format, we will track the dating, mating and living rituals of modern-day singletons whose cultural traditions include arranged marriages. Over their first 6 months of marriage, we'll follow 3 relatable couples as they navigate the rocky road from wedding day to married bliss under the microscope of our cameras - and their opinionated families! 3 couples from different cultures have one in in common arranged marriages a young Romani Gypsy couple from New York are about to get arranged we follow them from their big fat gypsy wedding to everyday married life and get to see the gypsy culture from Romani wedding to a gypsy council 
Array·n|2001|"Array·n" is a TV show that was produced and broadcasted in Andalusian television (Canal Sur AndalucÌa) between 2001-2012. The show was about a luxury hotel based in the coast of Andalusia, called "Arrayan Hotel". The problem comes when the hotel manager, Germ·n SantistÈban, is killed just before he could retire. From that, the history is constantly changing, but it is always about the lives of hotel guests and workers. Every season new characters come, so the plot changes. 
Arrest & Trial|2000|Through a combination of re-enactments and actual footage, sensational true crimes are followed from their commission, through the investigation and apprehension of the suspected criminal, and finally to his/her trial. 
Arrest and Trial|1963|Young, clean-cut Deke Palmer appears to most people as a polite, well-mannered teenage boy, but he's really a punk who's a member of a gang of burglars and also the vicious killer of a patrolman. When Anderson pursues him, Deke shoots at him, Anderson fires back and kills. Palmer's influential father demands that the cop be brought before a trial board. Anderson asks Egan to represent him. 
Arrested Development|2003|Meet the wildly dysfunctional Bluth family. This family was once at the height of real estate development in Orange County, California. But when the family business - the Bluth Company - goes bust, they're suddenly found penniless with their assets frozen. They move into their last remaining asset - the model home left over from their latest housing tract. Their luxury vehicles are replaced with a reminder of the family's former wealth - the stair car that accompanied their private jet. The patriarch of the family is George Bluth - he's now in prison, and loving every minute of it. His wife Lucille and daughter Lindsay are spoiled socialites who can't handle getting kicked out of family restaurants. His son Buster is in his mid 30's and lives at home. His son George Oscar Bluth is a magician who started a group to get magicians to be taken seriously - and gets kicked out when his own tricks are revealed. Lindsay is married to a man named Tobias Funke, once a psychiatrist, who decides to become an actor. The only sane member of the family - Michael Bluth, along with his son George Michael, want nothing to do with the family business. But one bizarre circumstance after another keeps Michael and George Michael from leaving their eccentric family. Michael Bluth, a widower with a 13-year-old son, named George-Michael, is forced to keep his large and dysfunctional family together after his father is arrested for shifty accounting practices at the family-owned conglomerate and the Bluth family assets are frozen, making each member of the eccentric family panic. Michael's snobbish mother, Lucille, finds herself living alone in a penthouse without the financial means to maintain it, while Michael's two brothers, GOB and Buster, and his sister Lindsay with her husband Tobias and her daughter Maeby also find themselves having to recreate their lifestyles to fit their new financial status. 
Arrow Affliction|2008|One Man. One Bow. Hundreds of Arrows. Endless Possibilities. Chris Brackett engages everything and anything with his compound bow. From small game to big game, and even things that aren't considered game...Arrow Affliction shows you the good, the bad, and the wild things you can do looking down the shaft of an arrow. 
Arrow|2012|Oliver Queen and his father are lost at sea when their luxury yacht sinks, apparently in a storm. His father dies, but Oliver survives for five years on an uncharted island and eventually returns home. But he wasn't alone on the island where he learned not only how to fight and survive but also of his father's corruption and unscrupulous business dealings. He returns to civilization a changed man, determined to put things right. He disguises himself with the hood of one of his mysterious island mentors, arms himself with a bow and sets about hunting down the men and women who have corrupted his city. After many years in a sheltered, rich boy life, Oliver Queen is stranded on an island after his father's yacht crashes. He must learn to survive on his own, five years later he is found alive and well after he was presumed to be dead. After he returns to his home city of Starling City, he begins his crusade to rid his home city of nasty villains, drug dealers, mob bosses, and criminals by becoming an arrow shooting vigilante. Oliver Queen was stranded on an island for five years where he went through experiences that changed and somewhat battle hardened him. Eventually, he makes it back home with a list of names of people who are corrupting his city given to him by his father, who "isn't who he thought he was". Eventually, others join his crusade, which soon goes beyond the list of names, and that's when things get complicated. Cocky womanizer billionaire Oliver Queen is lost and presumed dead after going on a boat trip with father Robert Queen and sister of his girlfriend, Sara Lance. The boat reaches its fate and goes under leaving Sara sucked out of the boat and Oliver and his dad on a raft with little food or water. After his dad kills himself persuading Oliver to live on for the both of them, Oliver drifts to a island. After five years on the hellish island, Oliver Queen returned home with only one goal, to honor his fathers memory by using the list of names he left him to bring down those who are poisoning his city. After five years presumed dead, rich playboy billionaire Oliver Queen returns after his father's yacht sinks in a storm, where he drifts into an island and trains with other people stuck on the deadly island. Then he returns home to Starling City to right the wrongs his father made, armed with just a bow and arrows, with allies by his side. 
Arsenio Lupin|1961|The Duke of Chamerace, besides being a charming gentleman, is an astute thief with multiple resources and of the one that nobody would suspect. In the place of each one of their robberies puts a card with the name Arsenio Lupin. The police investigates the criminal's real identity. 
Arslan Senki|2015|In the prosperous kingdom of Pars lies the Royal Capital of Ecbatana, a city of splendor and wonder, ruled by the undefeated and fearsome King Andragoras. Arslan is the young and curious prince of Pars who, despite his best efforts, doesn't seem to have what it takes to be a proper king like his father. At the age of 14, Arslan goes to his first battle and loses everything as the blood-soaked mist of war gives way to scorching flames, bringing him to face the demise of his once glorious kingdom. However, it is Arslan's destiny to be a ruler, and despite the trials that face him, he must now embark on a journey to reclaim his fallen kingdom. 
ArsËne Lupin|1971|The Ch‚teau de Tornbull has gradually become a center of feverish tourist activity, which deeply upsets Stefan, the young Count of Tornbull, the landlord of the estate. All the more as among the visitors prowls around an uncanny individual, who seems to covet the precious paintings in which the Tornbull family takes so much pride... 
Art Attack with Lee Sandstead|2008|In today's overhyped art scene, it's refreshing to simply enjoy art without pretentiousness or snobbery. Art Attack renews the art experience with an exciting journey through the world's coolest art museums. In each episode, art historian and unpredictable southerner Lee Sandstead spotlights the top five must-see pieces at one iconic art space such as New York's Metropolitan. Lee weaves his strong command of art with passionate storytelling and surprising facts. Lee initially came to art as a self-taught admirer, and his honest enthusiasm brings art to life. You'll be disarmed by Lee's obsession and enthralled by his view of what makes a work of art great. 
Art Attack|1990|In this series, artist Neil Buchanan presents various suggestions for kids about various neat art projects they can create with everyday items they can find at home. In addition, Buchanan has location segments where he is inspired to have a Big Art Attack where he arranges ordinary items to create giant pictures. 
Art Carney Special|1959|A man living alone in a tiny NYC apartment comes home, presumably from work and proceeds through the evening with two things simultaneously: drinking liquor and making phone calls, each ending with some variation of the phrase, "Call me back." Through the brilliant monologue of Mr. Webster, and the finely crafted acting of Art Carney, what starts of as a fairly routine one-sided conversion reveals a poor soul in a fairly advanced stage of alcoholism. It manages to be a riveting episode. 
Art House|2018|A kind hearted son, his degenerate alcoholic gambling brother and globe trotting party girl sister must unite with their newly discovered adopted sister to run a small theater in order to gain access to their billionaire fathers estate and reconnect with each other in the process. 
Art Less|2016|Emily, Olivia, Mason, and Sophia prepare for opening night of the musical, while Samantha and Adam discuss the logistics of their "relationship". In the midst of all of this, Josh attempts to persuade Erin to come support Emily in the musical. 
Art Mann Presents|2005|Mark Cuban, Nick G. Miller, and Art Mann have teamed up to bring us one of the season's most anticipated series. Art Mann Presents is an exclusive variety program hosted and produced by the former host of E! Entertainment's Wild On. Art Mann Presents takes viewers on a crazy, unforgettable ride each week to see many different places and people, from the Indy 500 to Carmen Electra, from Mardi Gras to Pamela Anderson. Art Mann creates, produces and hosts some of television's most enterprising programming, inserting his easy-going style, expert timing and real-guy attitude. "Art Mann Presents" is an unpredictable weekly travel show that takes viewers on an adventure to the places that they might not even know exist, and to those that they thought they'd never experience. One week it might be The Kentucky Derby. The next week... Drunk People Throwing Fish. Hosted by fearless traveler Art Mann, who previously co-hosted the E! Channel's "Wild On" series. 
Art Ninja|2015|Ricky researches his family history to uncover his ninja ancestors. He is inspired by Grayson Perry to make an autobiographical vase and a photo frame that's less family tree, more family cactus before Ricky discovers that he's descended from a famous pirate. Can he make some arrrr-t to treasure at the seaside? 
Art and Design|2015|What is design without art and what is art without design? How about combining the two of them? Explore the world of crafts and convention for the construction and the skeleton behind the beauty and concept of fashion In Art and Design. Be inspired. 
Art and Part|2012|Documentary series that narrates stirring and original collective experiences between artists of varied disciplines and communities with inclusion problems. 
Art in Progress|2004|Follows artist Julian Schnabel as he gets personally involved in hanging a 30 year retrospective show in Italy. He introduces us to his crew, a daughter he's painted on several occasions, explains how he met and pursued his wife, visits a museum to marvel at the work of Caravaggio, discusses the laughter of the Spanish, the protocol of signing his own work, the inspiration of his dreams as a young man and those of a daughter, how he began using crockery in his art, what ambition drives the evolution to a new style, and how making films didn't fit with the image of a painter; all while art scholars weigh in on the importance of his oeuvre. 
Art in the Twenty-First Century|2001|The artists in this episode, Rackstraw Downes, Robert Mangold and Sarah Sze, create ordered and precise works that explore the gap between art and existence, challenge the distinction between seeing and knowing and demonstrate that the pursuit of harmony can be a radical proposition. 
Art of America|2011|Andrew Graham-Dixon deplores that the Precolombian native cultures I the Americas were annihilated by the European colonists, and mostly inadvertently by epidemics the Indian cultures lacked immunity against, so even what was preserved is usually impossible to appreciate expertly. Colonial art largely aped Europe, albeit generally in the modest price class, and recorded the glory of the New World's nature, and alas its progressive demise of pristine diversity as the West was won and railroads laid the tracks for a rise to wealth heralding the Boston Tea Party conflict leading to the War of Independence. The new nation used art -foremost in the brand new capital- to pose as an equal with great powers, and to cover up injustice, especially towards the gradually chased natives. Finally at recorded the near-suicidal Civil War. 
Art of Faith|2008|Art of Faith is a visually sumptuous series filmed in High Definition exploring the architecture and art of Judaism, Christianity and Islam. The three hour-long films, presented and narrated by the broadcaster John McCarthy, visit many of the greatest and most significant religious buildings of the world. 
Art of Germany|2010|Andrew Graham-Dixon begins his exploration of German art by looking at the rich and often neglected art of the German middle ages and Renaissance. He visits the towering cathedral of Cologne, a place which encapsulates the varied and often contradictory character of German art. In Munch he gets to grips with the earliest paintings of the Northern Renaissance, the woodcuts of Albrecht Durer and the cosmic visions of the painter Albrecht Altdorfer. Andrew also embarks on a tour of the Bavarian countryside, discovering some of the little-known treasures of German limewood sculpture. Andrew Graham-Dixon begins his exploration of German art by looking at the rich and often neglected art of the German middle ages and Renaissance. He visits the towering cathedral of Cologne, a place which encapsulates the varied and often contradictory character of German art. In Munch he gets to grips with the earliest paintings of the Northern Renaissance, the woodcuts of Albrecht Durer and the cosmic visions of the painter Albrecht Altdorfer. Andrew also embarks on a tour of the Bavarian countryside, discovering some of the little-known treasures of German limewood sculpture. 
Art of the Western World|1989|The 18 original 30-minute episodes are consolidated to 9 one-hour episodes on the U.S. DVD: (1) "The Classical Ideal": The origins of Western art are traced to ancient Greece and Rome. (2) "A White Garment of Churches": Romanesque and Gothic churches and the effect of monasticism and pilgrimage on art and architecture. (3) "The Early Renaissance in Italy and the North". (4) "The High Renaissance": Includes Da Vinci, Michelangelo, and Raphael. (5) "Realms of Light": The Baroque period, including Bernini, Caravaggio, Velasquez, Rembrandt. (6) "An Age of Reason, an Age of Passion": Rococo, Neoclassicism, Romanticism. (7) "Realists, Impressionists, Post-Impressionists". (8) "Into the Twentieth Century" ; Fauves, Cubists, Surrealists, etc. (9) "In Our Own Time": Post-war period, Abstract Expression, Post-Modernism, etc. Pollock, Warhol, Oldenburg, etc. Internationalization in the 1970s and 1980s. 
Art or Something Like It!|2005|A Smiley-faced figure waves and welcomes the viewer into a virtual gallery, a place where video portraits of New York City artists hang on the walls. Welcome to the world of ART or something like it!, an energetic TV series that combs the boroughs of New York City to provide weekly exposure to artists young and old. The new series of 13 half-hour programs features artists of all genres, backgrounds and media - music, performance, writing, painting, photography, sculpture, film & video, and more - who share their lives and work. 
Art+Soul|2010|An "insider's" view of contemporary Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander art and artists. Charismatic curator Hetti Perkins takes us on a journey of ideas and the imagination - revealing the diversity of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander life and culture. 
Art, Fashion and Design|2016|We visit three artists who are showing the world through their lenses. Meet Larry Kagan, a sculptor based in New York, who uses steel, light and cast shadows as his primary mediums. Next, we travel to Shanghai where locals photograph themselves under the moniker Bird Head to highlight their experiences. And finally, be up close and personal with Hong Kong painter, Chow Chun Fai, who tries to re-imagine Chinese history and cinematography. 
Art/Trek NYC|2012|Art/Trek NYC, premiering in January, branches out to the five boroughs in a quest to showcase new and emerging artists in the latest series premiering on NYC life (Channel 25). Traveling in the show's signature mobile art gallery - a converted recreational vehicle, nicknamed the ArtV - host CJ Follini joins a different borough-specific guest host in each episode to meet a rising artist who's on the verge of breaking into New York City's competitive art scene. Each artist puts together an impromptu art show in the ArtV and invites residents from their neighborhood to view the work and share their opinions on camera about the art. One of the five artists will be selected to have their first ever solo gallery show, which will be featured in a future episode, courtesy of sponsor welcometocompany.com. Each episode also includes music from performers discovered through the MTA Arts for Transit "Music under New York" program. 
Art2All!|????|13 one-hour episodes featuring an interactive, entertaining & informative art lecture, by Ms. Jane, for elementary age children. Students are given the history, medium & instruction to complete their own Artistic expressions of lesson featured Artists which include 1) Mary Cassatt, 2) Vincent Van Gogh, 3) Michelangelo, 4) Jerome Tiger, 5) Lois Mailou, 6) Georgia O'Keeffe, 7) Claude Monet, 8) Jacob Lawrence, 9) Frida Kahlo, 10) Diego Rivera, 11) Leonardo da Vinci, 12) Edgar Degas, and 13) Rembrandt. Art programs are the first to be cut at our schools leaving our youth further At-Risk in the educational system. With "Art 2 All!" All educators and kids have the benefit of equal access to the Arts. Now Art education can be experienced and enjoyed by any school classroom and/or child across the USA free of charge, with a direct impact on the inner cities and under-represented less fortunate communities where children are at a higher risk. 
Artbound Presents: Studio A|2013|From Latin alternative rock to politically-charged hip-hop, Ceci Bastida brings highly-rhythmical sound to Studio A. At 15, Bastida began singing in 1990s border punk group Tijuana No!; now, her sound travels across genres, influenced by rap, rock and pop 
Artbound|2012|Episode 1 visits Riverside County where the duo known as the Date Farmers are re-writing pop surrealism, Orange County where two Muslim-American women are creating a fashion line, San Bernardino County where there is an artist colony inhabiting Jackrabbit Homesteads, Palm Springs where mid-century modern architecture is getting a revival. Also features a location hopping performance by turntable master Cut Chemist. Each episode compiles shorts determined by readers of Artbound, an arts and culture website of the Los Angeles public media station KCET. Every week a new vote appears on the site, prompting readers to choose which article they would like to see made into a short video piece. The videos are released weekly on the web and then assembled into a TV broadcast episode airing bi-monthly. Featured artists have included The Date Farmers, Michael Parker, Manuel Paul Lopez, Steve Roden, Olga Koumoundouros, Tanya AguiÒiga, Alexandra Grant, Victor Wilde, Nery Gabriel Lemus, Mear One, Cut Chemist, Shizu Saldamando, Sandow Birk, Alyse Emdur, Richard Ross, and more. 
Artemisia Sanchez|2007|XVIII century. Calabria, in the southern Italy, is a land shocked by violence, bandits and abuse of power. There are, however, in this punished country, some people wishing progress and justice. We find among them Don Angelo, a Eucharistic minister, and Artemisia S·nchez, an independent woman with a strong character. They share a secret passion, a forbidden passion. 
Artexpress|2012|ARTEXPRESS is an annual exhibition held across NSW featuring selected work from the HSC Visual Arts examination. Narrated by former ARTEXPRESS entrant and Archibald Prize winner Ben Quilty, this documentary series explores the history, curatorial process and background of the popular exhibition. From its humble beginnings as an school exhibition moving around NSW delivered to regional areas on back of newspaper delivery trucks, ARTEXPRESS has risen to become an exhibition attended by more than 200,000 every year and one of the most highly anticipated exhibitions in the art calendar in Australia. 
Arthur & George|2015|In 1906, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, having lost his first wife, was overcome with grief; even Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson refused his call. It was only when his secretary, Woodie, presented him with an apparent real-life miscarriage of justice, that he could be roused to action. The case in question was that of George Edalji, a Parsee solicitor, who was imprisoned for writing obscene letters and killing livestock in Great Wyrley, Staffordshire. George needed Arthur's help to clear his name. However, as the twists and turns of the case unfold, Arthur himself questions George's innocence. It is only by finding the true culprit, that Arthur can finally put the case, and his grief, to rest; whilst simultaneously becoming influential in a major reform to the English judicial system. 
Arthur Dane 0.07|2015|If someone were to make a list of the world's top clandestine agents, Arthur Dane would certainly not be on that list. It's not that Dane doesn't care, or doesn't want to protect the world from the most nefarious of costumed supervillains who roam the streets at night, he's just not very good at it. But what Dane lacks in secret agent talent, he more than makes up for with his love for the good life. Dane often finds himself in the company of his best friend, Chuck - a 5 foot tall furry blue monster in a Hawaiian print shirt. Chuck is as skilled at secret agenting as Dane is awful, and somehow manages to pull his friend back from the brink of disaster each time Dane gets into a situation he just can't manage. 
Arthur Godfrey and His Friends|1949|Arthur Godfrey and his Friends entertained the audience with many skits and Musical numbers. The show was live, and Godfrey often did away with the script and improvised. He refused to participate in commercials for products he did not believe in. 
Arthur Hailey's the Moneychangers|1976|This is the story of the happenings at a major bank. The first of which is that the bank's president announces that he is dying and that with no heir to take his place, he informs the bank's officers that he is letting them choose a successor. The two vice presidents who are the front runners for the job are Alex Vandervoort and Roscoe Heyward. Now Alex is not exactly running around looking for support, Roscoe can only see the benefits the presidency can give him. So he goes around looking for people who would like to do business with the bank. He goes to George Quartermain, who wants the bank to give him more than they are allowed to. While most of the board are excited of the possibility of going into business with Quartermain, Alex is the only one who is weary of it, as it's a big risk. Alex is not popular also because, while his wife is mentally ill and confined to an insane asylum, he is having an affair with a lawyer, who specializes in helping the disadvantaged, the bank was originally suppose to fund a project to help them but has pulled out, and Alex is also asking them not to. Also the bank is plagued with false credit cards being circulated, so the bank's security officer, who was hired by Alex is not having much luck in finding them, which is another reason why Alex is not so popular. 
Arthur and the Minimoys|2017|Arthur is a bright, clever and lively 10 year-old who spends his vacations at his favorite grandmother's house. And talk about vacations. Inside her garden there is a world invisible to the human eye. The world of - the MINIMOYS. One day, Arthur discovers a secret passageway that enables him to enter their world and become a MINIMOY himself. In fact, he becomes THE MINIMOY SAVIOR, helping these minuscule little people fend off all sorts of danger, including invasions by the armies of Maltazard, the MINIMOYS' sworn enemy, a despot who rules over the SEIDES. A dreamer and a bit of a loner, Arthur suddenly becomes a fearless hero, and along with his friends Selenia and Betameche, he is going to lead the little people to freedom. But with a trio like this, the road to victory is going to be full of surprises. 
Arthur of the Britons|1972|This series strips away the elaborate medieval view of Camelot, and presents Arthur as the chief of a small Celt tribe in Dark-Ages Britain, a century or two after the withdrawal of Rome. Arthur struggles to weave the scattered tribes of Celts, Jutes, etc. into a union that can effectively oppose the Saxon invaders who are arriving in Britain in growing numbers. He is aided by his adoptive father, Llud, and his foster brother, Kai, who is himself a Saxon foundling. 
Arthur|1996|Bespectacled aardvark Arthur Read demonstrates to kids how to deal with such childhood traumas and challenges as homework, teachers and bullies. He also has to contend with his sisters, but loves playing with his friends: tomboy Francine, foodie and best pal Buster, super smart Brain, rich girl Muffy and geography expert Sue Ellen. The adventures of 8-year-old Aardvark Arthur Read. When he's not at home being hounded by his obnoxious, but scene-stealing little sister D.W. and his working class parents, he's finding educational misadventure at school with his pals: would-be bully Binky, pompous Francine, spoiled rich girl Muffy, genius Brain, and his best friend Buster. Arthur and the gang get into some pretty wild trouble sometimes, like the time Arthur and Brain are taunted by a dark-humored crossing guard, when Arthur, Brain and Binky find a key and fight about it, when Arthur and D.W. have to run the house when Mom and Dad fall ill, and many more. Based on the children's books by Marc Brown. 
Article 17|2016|Society as we know it has collapsed and the corrupt news media together with the politicians in government game the system for their own rule and control of every citizen. Terrorism is used with widespread violence and fear to bring about disarmament and control of society. Society has, in this not too distant future world, fallen under a quiet covert style of marshal law scenario where the people are lied to regularly and fed misinformation by the news broadcasters causing the public to believe the world really has become peaceful. Big pharmaceutical corporations help make reality denial medication that is quietly dispensed to the public. Disagreement with authority becomes criminal. Outside of the major metropolitan areas are human exclusion zones where only highly restricted presence by citizens is allowed. There we also have a rebellious group of people who refused to comply with the tyrannical edicts of an increasingly oppressive autocracy. These savage freedom fighters are repudiated by the establishment. Inside the city a ruthless dictator is emerging who has very little tolerance for peaceful political opposition. All of his political dissidents are hunted down and disappear to black site secret prisons throughout the region. The leader of the largest resistance group in the Ohio valley region has just been captured... 
Articulate with Jim Cotter|2015|Articulate with Jim Cotter explores the human experience through the lens of art, culture, and creative expression. Combining exceptional visual storytelling with a smart, refreshingly straightforward attitude, Articulate offers a new brand of arts journalism for a modern audience. 
Artist Profile|2014|Joel Korpi is an independent photographer working internationally, specializing in scenery and glamor/fashion photography. Joel is an award-winning cinematographer by trade and has transferred his talents into the still photography arena. Covering events in Tokyo, Shanghai, Amsterdam, Italy, North America and Canada. 
Artist Slate|2014|Judy Karman hosts Artist Slate, an in depth look into the lives and journeys of artists above and below the line. 
Artist in Residence|2013|A trans-media project by Causa Creations in collaboration with Radio Racyja that attempts to collect strictly anonymous statements via the internet. It will ask citizens and expats from Belarus one simple question: What does it mean for you to be free? With this seemingly simple question we want to find out what many citizens in the "West" have long forgotten: What does it mean, if someone is being denied their very basic civil rights? Or does life in the "West" hold just different restriction for the individual? 
Artist of Tomorrow|2016|As we prepare to celebrate Music's Biggest NightÆ at the GRAMMY Awards, which airs Sunday, February 12 at 8/7c, CBS presents a special web series that shines a light on the next generation of music superstars. Artist of Tomorrow profiles on-the-rise musicians who are sure to be among the most buzzed-about acts of 2017. These rising stars have a promising future, but don't take our word for it: Take it from three GRAMMY veterans who hand-picked these Artist of Tomorrow nominees. Get to know the artists and their music, and then take a moment to vote for your favorite. The winning artist will be featured during the GRAMMY Live webcast on Sunday, February 12, 2017 at CBS.com and GRAMMY.com. 
Artists on Deck|2016|Tim Chaisson is a PEI Country Recording Artist. Tim is a Canadian singer/songwriter from Souris, Prince Edward Island. He is also a world-class traditional fiddle player and is featured performing fiddle along with guitar, mandolin, and piano. 
Arts Alive|2005|In this edition of Arts Alive, the focus is on local artists who either work in an unusual medium or have a slightly skewed perspective that comes out in their art. ViewFinder finds out about artists who make enormous metal sculptures for the State Fair, uses fabric to create incredibly intricate murals, and the story of a painter who emigrated from China. Plus we'll profile quirky artists in Sacramento, including a local filmmaker, a fashion designer, and a maker of art cars. 
Arts Showcase|2012|KVIE is dedicated to exploring arts throughout northern California. KVIE Arts Showcase is a new weekly series that takes you across the nation to meet artists of all kinds. Come with us as we experience America's most interesting and talented artists. 
Artscape|1984|When two children are touring an art gallery with the aide of a handheld speaker guide, the guide comes to life and takes them to another world called Artscape to teach them about the basics of art in more detail. Soon, the kids and the guide are separated and the kids must explore their world and people in it to find their way home, and along the way, they learn more about the visual arts than they ever dreamed possible. 
Artsnight|2015|Carla Lane redefined British comedy drama in the 1960s with her unique brand of 'situation tragedy'. At a time when television writing was the preserve of middle-class men, she brought a convincing cast of working-class female characters to British screens. The daring honesty with which she told the stories of ordinary women revolutionised the roles available to actresses on TV and blazed a trail for the screenwriters following in her footsteps. 
Artstar|2006|The Artstars share a studio in DUMBO, a former industrial neighborhood in Brooklyn pioneered by artists. They have an open studio as part of the Art Under The Bridge Festival and get a trial run for their upcoming exhibit at the Scope Art Fair in Miami. 
Artworks Scotland|2004|Fittingly in this Olympic year, one of the highlights of the Edinburgh International Festival is an extraordinary combination of sport and art. For NVA's Speed of Light, hundreds of people have been climbing Arthur's Seat after dark to watch runners wearing specially commissioned light suits perform choreographed moves. The spectators are part of the work too as they carry staffs that emit sound and light, bringing the hills to life. This ArtWorks Scotland documentary follows the creation of this hugely ambitious project and finds out why people run and what motivates endurance athletes to push their bodies to the limit. 
Arty Farty|2016|A young woman has a premonition. Feeling she is destined for great things, she takes up the pursuit of acting, joining a drama class and falling head first into this weird and often indulgent world. We follow her journey and her experiences of learning the stark realities of the industry. 
ArtÌculo 3ro., Cimiento de la educaciÛn|2004|When in 1916 Venustiano Carranza convened a convention in order to establish the new Constitution that was going to rule the life of post-revolutionary Mexico, no sessions were more controversial than those that would give form to the project of education. The debates invited the participation of different social agents. The Church, parents, teachers, public officials, politicians, and legislators all have stood up since then to question, support or resist the principles established in the 3rd Article. 
Arusl‚n senki|1991|Young Prince Arislan believes he is the rightful heir to the throne, but is he? The mysterious masked usurper claims that Arislan's father stole the crown from his father. Arislan must prove himself a worthy monarch, but his allies are failing him. Can he form an alliance with the young prince of a neighboring country? It requires a duel to the death with a great monster! In the medieval kingdom of Pars, young Prince Arslan confronts the hostility of his father and the disinterest of his mother, and yearns to learn more about the world. Despite being surrounded by poverty and slavery, Arslan persists in seeing the possibility of a nobler world. Everything changes when the neighboring nation of Lusitania invades Pars, and Arslan is forced to grow up in an instant. Arslan Senki follows Prince Arslan to war, where he struggles to save his nation and family with the help of a small but devoted circle of advisers. Along the way the young prince finds secrets around every corner and faces enemies who hate him because of what he is, but also finds friends where he least expects them. The story of nations at war, Arslan Senki is also the story of one boy's quest to stay himself in the most trying of circumstances. - MAL 
Arvingerne|2014|The Legacy is a modern family portrait. A description of the '68 generation and their children. A narrative about the sharp traces and consequences left by an intense time of upheaval upon modern family life - whether it takes place in a seemingly liberated and progressive artist's home or in a more traditional community-oriented, provincial and handball-minded environment. The serial plays out at the legendary manor Gr¯nnegaard, southern Funen, where the internationally renowned artist Veronika Gr¯nnegaard has lived an eccentric and colorful life since the wild sixties. The serial follows Veronika's four adult children whose free and chaotic childhood at Gr¯nnegaard has left its mark on them in very different ways. They live scattered to the four winds until Veronika dies and they gather to wind up the estate. Just before she dies, Veronika leaves the manor to her daughter Signe, who was given up for adoption. Signe lives with her partner in a quiet residential area in the local town and has never known the truth of her parentage. What was meant to be a quick and painless estate division becomes the start of a journey into secrets and lies that turn their lives upside down and forces them to look at each other and themselves with new eyes. 
As Aventuras de Minuano Kid|2016|"The Adventures of Minuano Kid" tells the story of Juninho, nine-years old boy and his imaginary friend Minuano Kid, a super hero afraid of the dark. The pair faces the "dilemmas" that every child of 9 years are able to cope their daily lives. Juninho is a fan of comic books, action figures and superheroes, only child and with very fertile imagination. Develops in his imagination, Minuano Kid, a super goofy hero without special powers, emerged directly from the world of imaginary friends. As an extension of Juninho, he is afraid of the dark, of failing in school and even fears his mother's dangerous fired fish. A "hero" with a plan for everything, but solution for nothing. "The Adventures of Minuano Kid" circles around the common life of a child and his fantastic creative power, which in its growth, innocence begins to be replaced by reality themes. 
As Brasileiras|2012|As Brasileiras (The Brazilian Women) is a Brazilian dramatic, romantic comedy television series. It is a spin-off of As Cariocas. The series has 22 episodes, each episode has a separate storyline, all located in different Brazilian states which celebrates Brazil culture and its women. The Women embraces all of Brazil and its diverse leading ladies. These admirable heroines are powerful, fragile, funny, protective, beautiful, talented, insightful, and especially unique; and all have a charm of their own. In a fascinating blend of distinctive characteristics As Brasileiras is a combination of many different cultures. Fourteen female actresses of all ages and types represent the diversity of a country, on a real journey from the North to the South of Brazil. Each episode has a separate storyline and features one particular woman and her individual quest in an incredible city filled with rich sceneries. 
As If|2001|Six London school kids are best friends. Gorgeous Alex is academically gifted, comes from a good home, has the fine taste of a classy gay boy and proves able to date good catches, including a cop who could have been the love of his life if he hadn't lied about being a minor. Jamie Collier is the clown of the pack, a hopeless optimist, bragger and unreliable, but he means well and tries hard to please. Robert 'Rob' Conway is the most serious one, coming from a broken home with an abusive father, and has to work as a waiter in the gang's favorite pub. Finally there are three neurotic girls they hang out with: pushy Nicki Sutton, hippie rebel Suzanne 'Sooz' Lee and spoiled Sasha Williams, as well as a long list of boy- and girlfriends who come and go, although some have definite long-term potential, such as Alex's gay cop friend Dan Parker who sadly can't risk being find out legally 'raping' a willing minor. 
As Noivas de Copacabana|1992|Donato Menezes is a serial killer obsessed with women in their bridal gowns. Donato blends in perfectly with the other residents of the Copacabana neighborhood. A renowned art restorer, he is engaged to beautiful Cinara. His crimes follows the same pattern. First, he seduces the women, and then kills them during the sexual act, always when they are wearing a wedding dress. 
As Ti Tud Not Padu|2007|Hosts of popular Slovenian comedy talk-show, Jurij Zrnec and Lado Bizovicar, invite a different guest every week, to participate in the series of sketches, considering pop culture and politics in Slovenia and former Yugoslavia. They each have numerous rolls, in which they represent a person, relevant to the sketch they are doing. Show is divided into different parts, each one has it's own main theme. They roast every guest at the end of every episode. 
As Time Goes By|1992|Lionel and Jean were lovers many years ago at the time of the Korean War. They are separated by a misunderstanding but meet again by chance when Lionel needs a secretary from Jean's firm. He takes her daughter, Judy, out on a date and discovers she is Jean's daughter. The two reunite and fall back in love. 
As Told by Ginger|2000|Darren finally decides to tell Ginger the truth, and he breaks up with her. She returns home where her friends try to comfort her, until she eventually cries herself to sleep. When her Mom comes to check on her she discovers Ginger has acute Appendicitis and she is rushed to the hospital, where Dr. Dave saves her life by performing an emergency Appendectomy. As she is recovering, many of her friends and family come to visit, including her father, Jonas. Carl becomes worried that their father's appearance will rekindle Lois's feelings for him and ruin her relationship with Dr. Dave. Meanwhile, Ginger reflects on her relationship with Darren and Orion comes to reveal his true feelings for her. 
As for Me & My House|2008|A television sit-com about a blended Houston family coping with life after Hurricane Katrina, "As For Me and My House" follows the lives of single-parent sisters, Nicole and Michelle, and all their children. A modern take on the old 'Odd Couple' series from the 1970s, Nicole is a mid-30s attorney in Houston pursuing the position of partner with her law firm. At first glance, she seems to have it all together. She has the house, the car and two (2) kids in private school. But she raises them on 'happy meals' and 'blockbuster nights' because of her hectic work and socializing schedule. Her younger sister, Michelle, is a street-savvy hairstylist in New Orleans with three (3) children, all from different fathers. The irony is that, though her personal life decisions have been suspect since high school, Michelle's parenting skills far outweigh those of Nicole; as she is more hip and understands the latest teenage lingo, and is also a "tough love" disciplinarian. She also wields an uncanny respect (Nicole calls it fear) from her children often by shooting them that ever familiar mother's "look." When Hurricane Katrina claims Michelle's home, she does the obvious: With her kids in tow, she packs up her pressing combs, her tarot cards and her gumbo pot and makes the trek to H-town to move in with Nicole and her suburban family. Now both women must check their attitudes at the door and blend their differences of opinion, educational levels and authoritative styles into a flavorful, yet spicy blend of cultural gumbo. "As For Me and My House"... this ain't the Brady Bunch! 
As leis de Celavella|2003|Historian Faustino is in love with Matilde and has found a very ancient and valuable torque. Indalecio warns him that the jewel appeared at the Crag of the Mouros (supernatural beings of the Underworld), who curse those who steal from them. 
As the Bell Rings|2007|"As the Bell Rings" focuses on the break time antics of the 6 key characters. The action takes place in a school corridor, just outside the head teacher's office and the window into their world is literally the window of the school building. The stars of 'As the Bell rings' use their break time to come up various schemes from winning a date with the prettiest girl in school to trying to captain every school club or team. 
As the World Turns|1956|Chris brings a distraught Molly a birthday cake, and manages to cheer her up. Chris hugs her, but molly pulls out of the embrace, saying she can't afford to be seen in such a compromising position. Chris decides to leave, but the light go out and Molly asks him to stay. She's afraid of the dark, so he comforts her and they kiss. Jake tries to butter up Julia, but she sees right through him and gives him the slip. He arrives at the Chicago bar where Julia is questioning the bartender about Alec's infamous photo. Fred, the bartender, agrees to meet Julia later to give her the scoop. When Julia leaves, Fred calls Alec Wallace. Jake follows Julia to a boat and tells her that she's being set up, but she refuses to believe him. He carries her off the boat and the boat explodes. Margo admits to Tom that she has real feelings for Alec. Tom refuses to give up and is determined to make Margo see the truth about Alec. Alec and Margo go on another date. Alec gets a call from the bartender, who informs him that Jake and Julia have been taken care of. 
Asaab Qarar: The Most Difficult Decision|2008|In the world of organ transplants there is often overlapping and conflicting relationships, much like a love triangle, where there is one donor with the need organs and two very sick people to whom that organ may mean life and death, and, as it goes in a love triangle, where both people contend for the loved one's affection, so it is in the selection for an organ transplant, someone wins and someone loses. This is that story. The donor is Matt Mason, but his story lives on in the struggles of his pregnant wife, mother and father as they work through their loss and face their fears and aversion to organ transplant. The recipients are on total opposite ends of spectrum, Lucy is a young and vibrant college student with her life before her, who fears she'll not have time to live life and is making all the wrong choices in pursuit of experiencing all she can. Her Papa and Mama are caught in a never ending circle of trying to protect Lucy from her disease and from herself. Tony, on the other hand, was living life to its fullest with a wonderful wife, family and job, but a freak auto accident took it all away. Now he finds way to punish himself for living, much to the dismay of his home care nurse, Gene, who has fallen hopelessly in love with Tony-so much so that she will risk her license and risk rejection from Tony by using her connection with hospital heads to move him to the top of the Organ Recipient List. And then there are those who make the choices, the Transplant Team, who must not only determine who moves to the top of the list, but who, in a world of not enough donors, must also console and convince families to donate the organs of someone they love and have just lost. This is the story of the heartache and loss, the anxiety and pain, the desperation and duplicity that arise in the drama of organ transplants. The difference is that the viewers will decide who moves to the top of the list. 
Asbestos|2002|Maurice Vaillancourt est un jeune homme solitaire que la condition des travailleurs ne prÈoccupe guËre et qui n'a qu'un objectif en tÍte: ramasser assez d'argent pour quitter Asbestos, la mine et la vie grise de cette ville qui ne vit que par et pour l'amiante. Maurice rÍve de s'Ètablir sur une terre avec AmÈlie, la femme qu'il aime et qui travaille aussi ‡ la mine, afin de faire l'Èlevage des chevaux, son autre passion. La montÈe houleuse de 1948 et l'Èclatement du conflit de 1949 viennent bouleverser ses plans. Il est brutalement plongÈ dans un tumulte o˘ il dÈcouvrira en mÍme temps la solidaritÈ, la colËre et l'amour. Dans ce tÈlÈroman qui ramËne plusieurs personnages du 'Survenant', Amable et Phonsine, toujours timides et effacÈs, essaient d'attirer l'attention du pËre Didace, qui ne se remet pas de la perte de son ´grand dieu des routesª. Il cherche tous les prÈtextes pour aiguiller la conversation sur le sujet, mais personne ne semble disposÈ ‡ l'entendre. La sÈmillante Bedette, plus ÈvaporÈe que jamais, aspire constamment ‡ une Èvasion vers des lieux plus brillants que son village. 
Ascension|2014|On the ship, Christa goes to get immunized. Ophelia accompanies her to prove that nothing is wrong with the shots. Ophelia takes the shot herself, has a seizure, and collapses. Looking on, Harris insists that Christa must get the shot soon or her system will start breaking down. Meanwhile, Samantha meets with conspiracy theorist Armin Cruz, who tells her that 70 scientists were abducted in the 1960s, one of whom is later shown to be Ophelia. On the ship, Viondra learns that Jackie, one of the stewardesses, has begun having sex with the captain. She relieves Jackie of her duties. When Harris tries to get Christa to take her inoculations through a glass of milk, she looks up at the camera and dumps it on the floor. Harris tells them to use their "man inside" to make her take the inoculation. Christa panics, screams, and shatters the lights, but the "man inside" also cuts himself and bleeds on her dress. Viondra learns that someone squelched her order to have Jackie transferred. Still, Viondra debuts Presley as the latest sexy stewardess type. Meanwhile, Gault talks with Christa about her inoculations and gets her to take them, but when the man arrives to give her the shot, she refuses, and he holds her down and injects her. When the DNA evidence on Christa's dress gets matched to Ike, the medical intern, he is found hanging dead in his room. Nora and James meet on the beach to talk. They admit to liking each other, but he ultimately resents her for making him feel poor. Finally, Christa visits Ophelia, who is in a coma, and reads her mind. 
Aseerzadi|2013|"Aseer Zadi" is a story about a family that prides itself in its traditions and all the men of the family have married thrice since their first and second wives were not capable of bearing them children. The family only thinks that the third wife can give birth to a child. 
Asfur|2010|Four guys living in farm in the center of Jerusalem, a very expensive piece of land which is worth millions of dollars, find themselves with a debt of 55k to the city hall. They have a month to get the money or the place they call home will be in forclosure and sold to the highest bidder 
Ash Global|2012|LA stoners, Michael, Jay and Denver run Ash Global. A service that films the 'release' of dead people's ashes anywhere in the world and sends the surviving relatives a DVD of the act. Unbeknownst to the client however, the Ash Global team never leaves LA... 
Ash vs Evil Dead|2015|Thirty years after the events of Evil Dead, Ash is a loner, living a dull existence, still not able to come to grips with the events that started at the cabin. In the event of a Deadite invasion Ash must attach his chainsaw and pick up his trusty boomstick one more time, all while finally coming to terms with his past. 
Asha|2008|Asha and her friends set up a sort of pirate TV that can intercept television signals and those of other digital devices in their multicultural neighborhood. The adventures have been carefully built to reflect today's multicultural society. 
Ashen's Tech Dump|2010|After giving the audience some money-saving tech tips, he interviews celebrity endurance gamer Brummel Bangshore, who is about to reach a milestone of endurance gaming, reaching the highest score physically possible in "3D Sky Chase" video game... 
Ashenden|1991|Four-part drama about a writer recruited into espionage work by British intelligence during the First World War. Based on the writings of Somerset Maugham 
Ashes to Ashes|2008|DCI Gene Hunt is back, but he's no longer the self-styled "Sheriff of Manchester." Flanked by his faithful sidekicks, Ray Carling and Chris Skelton, and drawn by the action and intrigue of the London Met, Gene's turned his attentions to taking on the "southern nancy" criminal scum. However, Gene did not expect to be thrown together with a sexy, intelligent DI Alex Drake. Single mother to daughter Molly, Alex has rapidly risen through the ranks of the Met and, in the modern world of 2008, skillfully uses psychological profiling to capture suspects. When Alex and her daughter are kidnapped, she makes a daring attempt at escape, resulting in a horrific incident. Alex suddenly finds herself in 1981, interacting with familiar characters, not just from her own lifetime, but also from the detailed reports logged by none other than Sam Tyler, which Alex previously spent months poring over. Alex is ripped from her current world of sexual equality and respect in 2008, and finds herself opposite an arrogant DCI, in a two-tone, "New Romantic" '80s London with a soundtrack of Adam Ant, Roxy Music, and the Human League ringing in her ears. Alex finds that some of Gene's team has dispersed, yet others, loyal as ever, are still in tow. Now a technological whiz kid in the squad's surveillance team, DC Chris Skelton has clearly moved with the times, along with a tight-permed DS Ray Carling, who's keen to experience London's nightlife. Frustrated by each other's stubbornness, the friction between Alex and Gene heats up. However, as the two titans collide, it becomes apparent that there is more than just a professional tension emerging. 
Ashi Girl|2017|Yui Hayakawa is a 16 year-old night school student whose only strong point is her ability to run fast. She accidentally goes back in time to the Warring States era of Japan where she makes use of her ability on the battlefield to protect her beloved young lord Tadakiyo Hagi (Kentaro). Through finding a goal to work towards, Yui finds a new world waiting for her as she uses her power to change the person she loves and create a better future for the people she meets. Based on the the manga - Ashi Gaaru 
Ashita no JÙ|1970|Tange is a frustrated fighter with poorly life, he loses his eyesight and also his disciple.Passing by a town one day he meets Joe Yabuki, a brawler,lier and deceived person which he saw in his fights the potential to be a true boxer champ. The story starts with Danpei Tange, a frustrater fighter that quited the rings when he loses both things, his eyesight and his double-crossed disciple. Since them he lives a poorly life, begging and wasting most of the time. One day he arrives in a town which lives a violent, deceiving, Conny and lier young boy called Joe Yabuki, he picks fights most of the time as result of robbing, cheating and being dishonest but his incredible agility and power while brawling/fighting, captured Danpei attention with this natural talent that in a good use would make Joe a notorious and famous boxier, maybe a true champion one day. 
Ashiyana|1997|After Completing Masters in Textiles (Seemi Zaidi) is mentally disturb due to lack of attention of her family including Father Wajid Khan (Qavi_Khan), Mother Raheela (Najma Wasti) and her brother Sajid (Zia Khan), after complaining to her father She moves towards Kasur for meeting her servant mother Ayya Amma (Anita Kamfiar) But During journey her vehicle out of order after arriving Lahore, where she met Mechanic Nouman (Waseem_Abbas) at his workshop, Due to big disorder of her vehicle, She (Sapna) agreed to stay his home where she met his(Nouman) Family including Babu (Javeed Codo), Saif (Kashif Mehmood), Banto (Atif Mehmood),Waleed (Furqan Latif) his two sisters Narmeen (Aamna Ahmed) and Gurya (Semal Rehman). Seemi Zaidi entertained with the environment of Noman Family and agree to stay here. Other side her family members were upset and her brother Sajid complain Police to recover his sister. Other side Chaudhary Rehm at (Irfan_Khoosat) son Chaudhary Nazeer(Shazib Mirza) want to go abroad (U. S. A), But his Father Chaudhary Rehman were not agree to send him abroad then He sell his plot to a person of his village and move towards Lahore for his uncle (Brother of his Mother) Bhai Uncle(M.Zubair) and her daughter Saima (Maria Wasti). Saima were neighbor of Saif (Kashif_Mehmood) Nouman's brother, Saima likes Saif from childhood. Will Sapna's family search Sapna ? Will sapna return home ? Will Chaudhary Nazeer go Abroad ? The drama is very interesting and one of the famous family play in his time 1997, This drama were cast in Village Chaudhary Rehmat (Irfan Khoosat) family and also City Areas Lahore and Islamabad, which describe two different atmosphere of Pakistan. 
Ashley and Carley New York|2014|Ashley and Carley New York is about two girls , Ashley Fontinalla and Isabel Walter who play Ashley and Carley , they go about New York State seeing attractions , museums, places and people. Along the way with their sidekick Dustin and guest host and guest stars they have fun and show their audience a good time. 
Ashufkum ala Khair|2014|Despite being in her 40s, the past left for Suad nothing but painful memories. This is why she has only the future to think and care about as she makes education her goal. When she decides to go for her dream, something happens that turns her life upside down, and starts a struggle inside her between dream, love, and family. Will she abandon everything for her dream, or will she abandon it? 
Asi|2007|"Asi" tells the love story of Asiye 'Asi' Kozcuoglu and Demir Dogan, who after years of absence returns to his hometown Antakya. For three generations the Kozcuoglu family owns a prominent plantation there. Keeping this farm alive is their foremost goal. The owner Ihsan Kozcuoglu and his daughter Asi work and live for their land. Years ago Demir's aunt, S¸helya, and his mother were workers on the Kozcuoglu farm until his mother drowned herself in the nearby river Asi. Demir returns to his hometown as a rich businessman. Still embittered about the circumstances that drove his mother to her death, he meets Asi and is immediately drawn to her. However, the lives of the Kozcuoglu family and Demir's family bear more connections from the past that constantly seem to get in between. These secrets gradually start to shatter when S¸heyla also returns to Antakya. 
Asia Brief|2007|Asia Brief covers various news and stories that relate to Asia, China and the world. A window to uncensored news from behind the red wall. Reporting on current affairs, human rights & democracy, arts, entertainment, traditional Chinese culture and everything else in between. 
Asia Talk|2008|Delivered in both English and Chinese, Asia Talk spans the cultural gaps between Asia and the West. Asia Talk explores a wide range of issues in connection with Eastern culture. Through interviews and in-depth journeys with engaging TV hosts, learn about new foods, discover tourist attractions, learn new facts and explore the world without leaving the comfort of you couch or computer! 
Asia's Next Top Model|2012|The episode started with the models entering the model house. After settling in, they received their very first Georgina Mail. They met Georgina and Joey as they evaluated the girls' runway walks. Barbara and Monika got Georgina and Joey's acclamation while Melissa struggled to impress and create a first impression. The judges were worried about Rani's walk. Nervous about their walks, the girls practiced on the runway in the penthouse, with Gani mentoring some of the girls. The day after, they met Marina Fairfax from Storm Model Management and they were told that they were going to be walking on a runway with a turntable at the end. Although most of the girls struggled; mainly Shareeta, Rani and Melissa - Barbara and Monika remained to excel on the runway. Marina declared Barbara as the winner of the challenge, who received a set of clothes from Zalora as her prize. Challenge winner: Barbara Katsuki For their first photo shoot, they were told that they would be doing a swimwear shoot. Amanda, Barbara, Gani and Monika excelled, while Shareeta, Melissa and Rani struggled. At panel, most of the girls received mixed feedback for their shots. Amanda, Barbara, Gani, Monika, and Tahlia received favorable reviews of their shots, especially Amanda, who received praises from the judges as they didn't expect her to pull off that great of a shot. She got the first call out while Celine and Shareeta ended up in the bottom two, both for their mediocre shots. In the end, Georgina deemed Celine safe while Shareeta was sent home. First call-out: Amanda Chan Bottom two: Celine Duong & Shareeta Selvaraj Eliminated: Shareeta Selvaraj Featured photographer: Mike Rosenthal Special guests: Marina Fairfax, Kenneth Go 
Asian Connections|2000|Asian Connections wants to enhance your senses to the next level and widen your pallet by experiencing life to the fullest and enjoying the urban oasis that is in front of us by promoting the city's best culture, people, and places to go and show what the Metro Vancouver really has to offer. This magazine program is featured on Shaw Multicultural Channel. 
Asian Enigma|2001|Incredible new discoveries across Asia are examined, from the Nessie-like creature said to be lurking in the Mekong River of Thailand to mysterious underwater ruins off the coast of Japan said to be 8,000 years old. This episode attempts to answer the question: could ancient Asian myths actually be true? 
Asian Entertainment Tonight|2016|AET CEO Sinakhone Keodara sits down for an exclusive interview with Director Cao Baoping, the U.S.-China Film Summit Honoree to talk about his career, Hollywood and his film Cock and Bull and his future plans. We also covered the U.S.-China Film Summit Gala Dinner Awards Ceremony from the fabulous Millennium Biltmore Hotel in Downtown Los Angeles. 
Asian Provocateur|2015|Shanthi wants Romesh to explore what his life could have been if he'd grown up in Sri Lanka, and in particular what career path he could have taken. To complicate matters, Romesh must also look after his 12-year-old cousin Krishna, who is actually the more grown-up of the two. Following a dangerous attempt at becoming a tuk-tuk driver on the streets of Jaffna, he finds out that working in a busy tourist hotel with his young cousin is an equally stressful experience. To make up for it, Romesh arranges for Krishna to do some Kandyan dancing, which becomes much more public than he anticipated. 
Asian Treasures|2007|Asian Treasures is an engaging story involving the quest for hidden treasures that date back from the start of Philippine civilization. It is said that these treasures were gathered from different parts of Asia by 10 Bornean Datus who formed a city in a place known as Itim na Ginto (Black Gold). This secret has been passed on among the descendants of two groups of Filipinos - the KKK (Kapatirang Kumakalinga ng Kayamanan), who wants to protect the treasures, and the Sudama, the group who has selfish intentions in finding the treasures. Coming from the lineage of the KKK, Gabriela (Angel Locsin) is an iron-willed young lass who was well-trained in the field of combat for an all-important task of carrying on the mission of her ancestors. Since the Sudama have begun an aggressive pursuit of the hidden treasures, even obliterating KKK members who got in the way of their quest, the KKK needs to get ahead to be able to protect the treasures. In an unlikely turn of events, Gabriela's path will cross with the wisecracking auto-mechanic-cum-stuntman Elias (Robin Padilla) who will be her companion in her special mission. Together, they will travel in different parts of Asia in search of the 10 powerful amulets and the clues leading to where the 10 Datus hid their Asian Treasures. As they face peril after peril in their Asian adventures, Elias and Gabriela will find something more precious than the treasures they are after - for they will soon realize that love has the ultimate power to turn their lives around. 
Asian Voices|2014|Asian Voices is a lifestyle and entertainment TV show highlighting the Asian and Pacific Islander (API) community in Southern California. Each episode includes 4 segments hosted by a show host. Content highlights entertainment, culture, community, business, music, fashion, film, and food, while entertaining and educating the general population about the diversity of their community. 
Ask 1iota|2016|There is a good deal of information on your ticket, and it is always preferred that you print that ticket so that you have access to that info in your hands. Many people ask if they can simply show the ticket on their phone. Yes, that's possible. But, some shows do not allow cellphones. Besides that, if you're a little late, you may find that you can not access the ticket on your phone. So, it's a good idea to go ahead and print it off. If you absolutely can't print it off, don't worry, we can look you up in our scanners using your ID. 
Ask Dr. Juli|2014|The expertise of Dr. Julianna Grimaldi knows no limits, and she's more than willing to share it with everybody. A "world renowned expert" on anything and everything, Dr. Juli fields a variety of questions on interesting, everyday topics, and breaks them down with scientific zeal. Got a question for Dr. Juli? No question is off limits... but the answer might not be what you expect. 
Ask J|2015|"Ask Jay" is part of EGAN HALL, the inaugural season of a web series created for Franciscan University of Steubenville. Each episode is upbeat, designed to offer 20-Somethings a healthy, deep, spiritual thought alongside a generous side dish of humor. 
Ask Laftan Anlamaz|2016|Hayat is town girl living in Istanbul with her two friends, and is in search of a job. Her father warns her that she must either find a job or return to her hometown. Desperate for a job, she ends up at the Sarte textile company, where she's hired, but only because she's mistaken for Suna Pectas, the girl to whom the position was promised. Little does Hayat know that the head of Sarte is Murat, a man whom she despises. As time passes, things start to change and she finds herself in an unexpected situation, falling for Murat. 
Ask Oprah's All-Stars|2011|Jump start your new year. Join Oprah's team of experts as they give advice on how to live your best life in 2011. Dr. Phil, Dr. Oz and Suze Orman come together, joined by moderator Robin Meade, to answer your most burning questions, and nothing is off-limits. 
Ask Slm|2011|Veteran trader, hedge fund manager and mentor Steve Miller is better known around these parts as Slim, although his market insights are anything but. Slim looks at everything-charts, news, technology, temperament and more-to create a complete picture of the markets. And every day at 12:15pm, he takes calls at 855-238-2789 from listeners looking for more wins. 
Ask Will|2017|Will Shakespeare was never any good at romance. With no job, no relationship, and no way to pay rent, he reluctantly takes a contract as a romance advice columnist for a tacky local magazine. Things take a turn for the awkward when his neighbors become his anonymous contributors. As Will tries to keep his identity secret, he is also struggling to publish his script and gain recognition as a serious writer. ASK WILL is a quirky web comedy about navigating relationships and pursuing your calling. 
Ask a Slave|2013|Ask A Slave is a satirical web series based on the actress' time working as a living history character at the popular historic site, George Washington's Mount Vernon. Starring Azie Dungey as Lizzie Mae and directed by Jordan Black. All questions and interactions are based on true events. 
Ask the Butcher|2013|Anthony Puharich knows meat. He should. He's the butcher that stands between Australia's best producers and chefs, whether at his meat boutique Victor Churchill or supplying Australia's best restaurants. Join him on a culinary journey from farm gate to the dinner plate, and learn how to make the most of your meat. When Anthony was a young boy, he spent countless hours with his father, Vic, one of Australia's leading butchers - learning how to work with, cook and respect all varieties of meat. 20-years later, Anthony, along with his father have grown Vic's Premium Quality Meats from a retail shop in Sydney, to an international meat wholesaler. Ask the Butcher will take you behind the farm gate, in to the deep freezer and on to the hot grill, to learn anything you could possibly want to know about meat. Each week, Anthony and his team will explain individual cuts of meats and take you through the aging process at his famous - and one of the world's coolest - butchers shops, Victor Churchill. Beef, lamb, pork, cured meats, poultry and game will all be on the menu. Anthony will visit the kitchens of some of Australia's top chefs including Matt Moran, Shannon Bennett, Peter Gilmore, Kylie Kwong and Neil Perry. As well as explore cooking at home and how best to utilize the meats readily available at your local butchers. No steak will be left unturned as Anthony educates and entertains with his laid-back, rock and roll approach to all things carnivorous. The 8-part series is produced by Valarc Films for the LifeStyle FOOD Channel. 
Ask the Doctor|2017|Ask the Doctor addresses the latest in medical treatments and the future of health care as we know it. From how to treat the common cold to the future of genetics, our medical experts deliver the latest advice to help us live healthy lives. 
Ask ve ceza|2010|Jasemine and «iÁek's first meeting at the cocktail party of the holding makes Murat uneasy. At the cocktail party «iÁek despairingly witnesses that Murat is in love with Yasemin. Cem nervously prepares to propose to Nadya. In the meantime, Bora starts pursuing Murat's sister Nazan. 
Ask-i Memnu|2008|Having lost his wife eleven years ago, Adnan devoted all his attention to his daughter Nihal and his son B¸lent. Adnan, who lives in one of the most prominent mansions along the Bosporus in Istanbul with a relative's son Behl¸l, and his children's nanny, meets Bihter who is also a socialite couple's daughter she is very elegant and beautiful, everyone who meets her get stunned and jealous of her, and he falls in love with her. While searching for peace, safety and happiness in Adnan's mansion, Bihter meets passion. Behl¸l and Bihter fall completely into each other and become drowned by their infatuation with each other. Their secret love affair will soon affect every member of the family. 
Asli ile Kerem|2002|Asl˝ and Kerem, two young people from different parts of the society, get married one week after they meet. The differences in this young couple's lives turn into enjoyable memories thanks to their love for each other. This lovely comedy serial was watched with fun for weeks. 
Aso ni San Roque|2012|Separated from her birth parents at a very young age, Fatima grows up under the protective wing of Mother Ben, an old gay man who happens to be under the control of a syndicate. Since then, Mother Ben became the sole protector of poor child. He uses Fatima's disability to help her escape all the hardships and mischief brought about by cruel syndicate members. But aside from having a pure, good heart, a dark secret lies upon Fatima's persona. She is the daughter of a mortal man to a manananggal. Behind her persona is a prophecy that is said to end the life of all evil beings on earth. As Fatima reaches the age of seven, the search for her intensifies as witches, centaurs, mermaids and other creatures join forces to prevent Fatima from fulfilling the prophecy 
Asobi ni ikuyo!|2010|Kio Kakazu's life takes a space-aimed turn when Eris, a captain of an alien race, comes to Earth on a mission to establish connections between humans and her people, the Catians. Together with Kio's childhood friend Manami, teleport-capable Aoi and a team of cute capable robots, they face off against fanatical alien worshipers and a mysterious government agency, as well as the Catians' biggest enemy. 
Aspe|2004|In each episode of this Flemish whodunit based on the books of Pieter Aspe, a serious crime - usually one or more murders in the author's home town Bruges - gets investigated by the grumpy but brilliant chief inspector Pieter Van In and his team. 
Aspen|1977|This sprawling miniseries details the trial of Lee Bishop, an Aspen man who was arrested, tried and sentenced to die for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl--a crime for which Bishop is not guilty. As the years pass and Bishop sits on death row, his attorney, Tom Keating, does everything in his power to clear Bishop's name and find the true killer. 
Aspiranterna|1998|Led by the strict and demanding Frank, a group of students train at the Swedish Police Academy to become police officers. After the initial tests remain a diverse class of students: P-O Gren who keep his racist beliefs secret, Larsson the joker, Jesus who has left a criminal background, Ulrika who may or may not be a lesbian, Johan and Eva who become more than friends, Jessica who has a hard time being a single mother and Anna-Karin who wants to become a police to please her father. All of them will gain valuable experiences before graduation. 
Assassin's Creed: Lineage|2009|The story is a prequel to the video game Assassin's Creed II. It centers around the father of the game's main character, Ezio Auditore da Firenze. Giovanni is an assassin living during the Renaissance in 15th century Italy. At this dawn of a new era, a conspiracy is being plotted by one corrupt family to overthrow the powerful Medici family and destroy a unified Italy. As an assassin, Giovanni must face this threat and bring justice. The story introduces the situation before Assassin's Creed II, and the enemies of both characters. 
Assassins|2011|In a game of water gun warfare, ice queen Lydia is pitted against her popular arch-nemesis Todd Jenkins. As Presidents of opposing business fraternities, Todd and Lydia are natural enemies -- but a growing attraction between them threatens to complicate their goals in the game. Assassins is an all-consuming, 24-7 college water gun game that brings out your inner child, your inner killer, your inner paranoid-freak... and it gets you really wet. 
Assault Force|2012|The TV series tells about the daily difficult life of soldiers, their heroism, hard work, willingness to risk their lives to defend the homeland. The film plot shows the military life. In the center of events is a Kazakh officer, who is political leader, joined the army as a private soldier, and then finds it being his mission, and devotes his life for training of young draftees, who are going to go through an army life. To this choice he was encouraged by his grandfather, who participated in the Great Civil War being a boy. His vast experience and wisdom has been helping the political leader many times to find a way out of difficult situations, and understand the true values such as a love to homeland, tolerance, power of will, respect the right way of life, etc. It also describes the fate of common soldiers of different nationalities, who are going to undergo a period of military service, to go through responsible trials in life, making new friends and becoming stronger, and so on. Everyone, whoever they are, officers, generals and privates - all of them in soul are "Soldiers of their homeland". The exciting TV series is about brave people who have chosen a difficult but an honorable profession - the military. All of them are differ in character, but in general they united by one thing in common: a love for such a difficult, but a necessary profession. Taking into account their hard work and seemingly insoluble situations with which they constantly have to face, they continue to remain simple and humane guys, keeping spirituality and adherence principles. Sometimes they go through indeterminable tasks, and constantly their heroism and good luck come to the rescue. They have a special mission - the lives of people are depended from them... Along them there are a number of bright and colorful characters, prototypes of real soldiers. The main characters act throughout the entire series. They are main links for all series. 
Assignment Discovery|1992|There are two segments in this episode: "The Elements" [45:57] An entertaining history of the formation and properties of the periodic table "Combined Strength" [4:35] Most things are made of a combination of elements, called composites. This is a brief overview of composites, centering on the discovery of the composite, aspirin. 
Assignment: Unexplained|2012|Chase investigates a hottie's haunted bedroom, and a new member is added to the team. Miss Ghede holds a sÈance to contact the ghost, and Chase makes a shocking revelation. Chase moves ahead with the exorcism, with help from one of his bros, and an unexpected visitor is summoned by a call from inside the house. 
Assignment: Vienna|1972|The adventures of ruff-and-tuff American expatriate Jake Webster, who ran a cafe in Vienna called Jake's Bar and Grill. However, his restauranteuring duties were merely a cover, as Webster's prime vocation was stomping out sabotage and espionage as an agent for the United States government. 
Assistance|2014|Episode 1, Alice meets "The Actress" for the first time. Episode 2, "Jars of Sh*t", Alice is given her first task and it's a really bad one. Episode 3 "Gold Face". The Actress demands Alice go to her house to put her incredibly expensive eye cream in the fridge, but Alice gets carried away by all the fancy products. Episode 4 'Alice Steps off Elton John". Alice meets some other Hollywood assistants and gets a real glimpse into the world of being a slave to fame. Episode 5 "Alice has Phone Sex" The Actress and her fiance, Daerrick, also an actor, struggle to make their sex life work while he's away filming. Good thing The Actress has Alice on speed dial. Episode 6 "Alice has a Fan" Alice gets recognized at a restaurant, and The Actress does not. Are The Actress and Alice all that different? Assistance is about Alice, a nice girl new to LA following her dreams, taking a part time job as an assistant to The Actress, a not-as-famous-as-she-thinks-she-is actor who quickly turns Alice's life into a nightmare. And as it turns out, Hollywood can be a real bitch. 
Assistens kirkegÂrden|2003|In this two-episode guide to the historical cemetery Assistens KirkegÂrd in Copenhagen, Denmark, the cemetery's staff talk about the history and current use of the grounds and tell the stories behind some of the most famous of the graves, including those of Hans Christian Andersen, S¯ren Kierkegaard and Niels Bohr. 
Associated Press: YouTube Channel|2006|The Associated Press is the essential global news network, delivering fast, unbiased news from every corner of the world to all media platforms and formats. AP's commitment to independent, comprehensive journalism has deep roots. Founded in 1846, AP has covered all the major news events of the past 165 years, providing high-quality, informed reporting of everything from wars and elections to championship games and royal weddings. AP is the largest and most trusted source of independent news and information. Today, AP employs the latest technology to collect and distribute content - we have daily uploads covering the latest and breaking news in the world of politics, sport and entertainment. 
Assorted Nightmares: Janitor|2008|Stuck in after-school detention for something she didn't do, with a perverted teacher who just wants to get her alone, Jennifer finds herself trapped with nowhere to go. Is there anyone there she can trust? 
Asst: The Webseries|2011|ASST (pronounced "Assist") was created by Josh Cohen in order to tell the story of all those assistants worldwide that are over-worked, under paid, and unappreciated. This is their story. A view from the bottom up. Series Background Our six main characters, like most in the industry, are chained to their desks all day, every day. They communicate via a Video Conference (called ASST), where the 6 of them go about their daily work while keeping each other entertained, and sane. Together they help each other survive insane bosses, deadlines, and impossible tasks asked of them on a daily basis. Characters We follow the lives of Zack Wells (an asst at a large talent agency), Erica Morrison (an actor's home assistant), Brandon Gross (a producer's asst), Marcus Steele (a comic book studio assistant), Jill Davis (a costume warehouse assistant), and Kerry Collins (an assistant at an entertainment law firm). 
Astonishing X-Men|2009|Cyclops and Emma Frost re-form the X-Men with the express purpose of "astonishing" the world. But when breaking news regarding a cure to the mutant gene unexpectedly hits the airwaves, will it derail their new plans before they even get started? Kitty Pride ( aka shadowcat ) returns to the mansion. 
Astoria|????|Greek and Albanian Mafia families fight for control of the vast drug and shipping cartel. Specifically, the story follows Aristotle Antonopoulos, a Greek mob boss's son, as he rises to head of the family amidst a power onslaught from the more ruthless Albanian Mafia. The story is set in Astoria, Queens and Athens, Greece. 
Astra Force|2016|From legendary actor and icon, Amitabh Bachchan, comes ASTRA FORCE, his first animated series. A funny and fast-paced, action-adventure, superhero series, filled with laughs and thrills. When two 8-year old twin kids accidentally awaken an ancient super-warrior from the past, they must join him in saving the world from a new wave of giant monsters and a demon determined to rule the universe. For Justice, For Honor, For Ice Cream...ASTRA FORCE! Smashing baddies...in time for homework. 
Astrid Strudelman: The Unicorn Whisperer|2014|When Astrid and frenemy, Pristina Gelatin, buddy-up on the class field trip, trouble ensues. Will Astrid reach the Pancake Jungle in time to qualify to release the balloons at the School Dance or will Pristina's hand-model career thward the unlikely buddies? Find out. 
Astro Boy tetsuwan atomu|2003|Astro Boy tells the story of a youthful robot boy - Astro - modeled after the deceased son of a research scientist, Dr. Tenma. Originally intended to be kept a secret, the atomic-powered robot becomes a reluctant superhero who fights for justice and peace for humans and robots alike. Created in Metro City, he lives among a 'retro-futuristic' society populated by humans and robots. His creator Dr. Tenma, head of the Ministry of Science, builds Astro in his son's image. Astro never can fill the void that Dr. Tenma feels over the loss of his son. Tenma shuts down Astro, burns down the Ministry of Science and flees. Some time later, Astro is discovered by Dr. O'Shay, the new head of the Ministry. Dr. O'Shay takes in Astro and serves as his mentor. Driven by the belief that robots and humans should be friends, Dr. O'Shay is Astro's greatest ally. He provides Astro with a home, enrolls him in school and creates a robot family for him. Astro possesses superb strength, including jet-rocket feet and arms that allow him to fly at extreme speeds. However, the secret to his victories is not his super-powers; the quality that makes him superior to other robots is his artificial brain, the most advanced in the world. This unique quality, termed kokoro in Japanese, allows Astro to experience all of the same emotions as humans. He's clever, resourceful and has a strong sense of justice, always attempting to reason with his adversaries. Mankind's only hope of surviving the onslaught of rebellious robots is a robot himself...the fearless, selfless, incorruptible champion known as Astro. In his quest for peace and justice, Astro often goes it alone, but he is occasionally aided by his robot sister or even rebel robots that he is able to enlist. Astro also has human friends from school who often become entangled in his conflicts. 
Astro Royal|2000|Astro Royal is a weekly interactive television entertainment news program covering royals, celebrities and the entertainment industry. It was created by TV-Anchor and public figure Prince Mario-Max Schaumburg-Lippe, and produced and directed together with Christina Arnold. The concept dates back to 2000. Prince Mario-Max produces the US- and European interactive media content and is a popular host for his interactive Media shows aired online in the US, and online, sat and cable in Europe being a bi-continental production. 
Astro Space Hero|2010|Corso must fight the evil robot monster, Queen Andromeda, and the turncoat Commodore Kang if he is stop the evil Ro-man invasion of the galaxy! Starring horror hostess Spooky D as Queen Andromeda, Matthew Enstrom as Admiral Kepler, Henry Humble as Fleet Captain Morris. editing/music by Liquid Ogopogo. Additional camera work by Greg Gutierrez Written/directed by Jerry Williams 
Astroblast!|2014|Run by a cast of animal characters including Comet, Halley, Sputnik, Radar, Jet and Sal the Octopus, the Astroblast! Space Station is the coolest hangout in the galaxy. Through the crew's friendship, the series imparts important messages about how to embrace differences, model positive relationships and foster healthy habits to be the best good-will ambassadors in the universe. 
Astroboy|1963|In the year 2000, there were robots aplenty. Since human beings no longer worked, there was a wide assortment of robots, big and little, fat and thin, tall and short, to perform every conceivable menial task. But nowhere was there a robot like Gangor, the Monster. 
Astronauts: Do You Have What It Takes?|2017|Astronaut Chris Hadfield, Doctor Kevin Fong, Psychologist Doctor Iya Whiteley, will select 1 from 12 Astronaut applicants after 6 weeks of Space Agency Tests to receive a Letter of Recommendation from Astronaut Chris Hadfield to become a Space Agency Astronaut Candidate. 
Astronauts@|2014|We're sending vloggers, Vine stars and the Instafamous to report live from the most popular events of today: MagCon, Ultra, Vidcon, Governor's Ball, Digifest and even the Grammy's. These "social media reporters" take over all of Astronauts Wanted's accounts including Vine, Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat. We bring the audience behind the scenes and into the heart of the action. Sometimes, we even pick a couple lucky winners to tag. 
Asunder the Series|2018|A soap opera digital series that follows the affluent, yet dysfunctional Chandler family, who own Chandler Parfums and Cosmetics Corporation in New York City. CEO and CFO Thomas and Adele Chandler are always trying to stay one step ahead of their arch enemies the Blair family, who own Blair Natural Fragrances Ltd. Thomas and Adele are juggling being head of a fragrance empire, all while trying to train their children to eventually take over the business one day. Their middle son Xavier struggles with his bisexuality, oldest daughter Kamryn and her husband Elijah are dealing with infertility, and their youngest daughter Khloe is hiding her secret relationship with the Blair's youngest son Dallas. The Chandlers will deal with a series of scandals, lies, and betrayals that will rock the Big Apple to its very core. Starring Robert McKay (Hidden Figures, Ladder 49, Jersey Girl) as Thomas Chandler; Kim Brockington (Guiding Light, School of Rock) as Adele Chandler; Lauren B. Martin (As The World Turns, All My Children, Another World) as Serena Hanes; and Tony D. Head (The Wire, The Corner) as Austin Blair. 
Asylum 8|2014|Lord Tranquil wants to get rid of the good people of planet Plutoria. So he creates a racing competition making the participants think that whoever wins will be the new leader of the planet. What these poor, innocent people don't know is that is all a trap. Watch the Plutorians participate in this journey full of traps, crazy obstacles and fun competitors. 
Asylum|1996|Surreal black comedy about an assortment of odd characters trapped in an asylum, in a quiet English countryside. It is run by staff whose sanity is decidedly suspect, as proved by their admission of the local pizza-delivery boy for trumped-up reasons. As the patients try bizarre escapes, we are left wondering whether the whole thing is a massive experiment, or just a cruel hoax. 
Asylum: The Lost Interrogations|2015|A Lucky Kings Web Parody Production about The Clown Prince of Crime, The Joker, and a plan by Commissioner Jim Gordon to have him questioned by other individuals besides The Dark Knight. You never know who will go in with him next... or if they'll ever come back out A Lucky Kings Web Parody Production about The Clown Prince of Crime, The Joker, and a plan by Commissioner Jim Gordon to have him questioned by other individuals besides The Dark Knight. You never know who will go in the room with him next... or if they'll ever back out A Dark Parody series about The Clown Prince of Crime, The Joker, (Lucky Mangione) and a plan by Commissioner Jim Gordon (J.C. Kingsley) to have him questioned by other individuals besides the Dark Knight. You never know who will be going into the room with him... or if they'll ever come back out 
AsÌ es mi vida|2013|Common people with something extraordinary to be told. A parenthesis in this characters everyday. Unknown people that invite us to discover a different perspective. Some of the most inhospitable sceneries and some of the most ordinary ones give context to 13 exceptional stories. A glance that discovers the less known realities, inspirational stories. 
At First Sight|2014|Hazel, an ordinary photography student, undergoes one daily affliction- She falls in love with every boy that she locks eyes with. With the help of her roommate (Megan) and her newly-found friend (Jesse), they will face many adventures in order to try and save Hazel. From herself. 
At Home with Amy Sedaris|2017|Sometimes a homemade gift is better than anything money can buy, not often, but sometimes. Amy takes us deep into the craft room to give detailed instructions on: gluing things to popsicle sticks, working with pipe cleaners and surviving the craft room, "the most dangerous room in the house!" Amy presents her turtle sitter with a bevy of handmade gifts, and he reveals the moment of horror from his past that forever bonded him with turtles. 
At Home with Arlene Williams|1991|At Home helps viewers get ideas for dinner and feel like they have spent time with a friend, sharing memories and thoughts about what makes "home" so special. There are no fancy gadgets. No unusual ingredients. No "kitchen performance anxiety" or "chef intimidation." Just good, basic, everyday home-cooking that Arlene makes fun, easy and achievable by anyone who's willing to try. 
At Home with Julia|2011|In an effort to spend time alone together, Julia and Tim head bush. But their efforts are derailed when Julia is unable to resist involving herself in 'regional issues', with disastrous consequences for her, Tim, and the humble town they happen upon. 
At Home with the Braithwaites|2000|On her 40th birthday Alison Braithwaite, is given a ticket for the first ever Euro-lottery, by her youngest daughter Charlotte. Alison wins the jackpot worth £38 million pounds, she decides to use the money for worthwhile causes, but will she tell her family about the win. 
At Home with... Fann Wong|2001|Channel NewsAsia's series of At Home With... interviews feature prominent personalities from Singapore and the Asian region. Fann Wong is the only Singaporean actress featured. In this interview, Lisa Ang speaks to Fann to find out the secret behind her regional success in TV, movies and music. The interviews, filmed on location in MediaCorp Studios, Pierce Reservoir and Chinatown in Singapore, showcase a thoughtful and level-headed Fann who seems to enjoy her work and accepts the price to pay for fame. This insightful documentary on Fann's state of mind also features Fann's parents sharing a meal with her in Chinatown. 
At Large with Geraldo Rivera|2003|Interview with actress, author Marina Anderson about her memoir launch, David Carradine The Eye Of My Tornado. Marina was married, personal manager to Carradine and credited with his career resurrection and sobriety during their years together. Interview covered her book and investigation into his death. 
At Last the 1948 Show|1967|Surreal, sketch based TV comedy series. Two series were produced in 1967 by the commercial company Associated Rediffusion. In style and content, a forerunner of 'Monty Python's Flying Circus', which shared some members of the cast. 
At Your Feet|2015|Rachel and Kat are shoe shiners. The twelve episodes of Series 1 add up to a day at the shine. Watch as the girls come face to feet with corporate culture, the various interactions had with customers and what goes down when no one's around. A mixture of genders and generations, finance and flirtation. Shining shoes is hard work but somebodies got to do it. Hey man, girls gotta eat. 
At the Channel|2016|Our Fashion. Our History. Our Music. Hoping you feel as empowered as we do about this latest episode of #AtTheChannel, highlighting the Ankara Festivals, The Kinsey Collection, and musical artist Kae Sun. Thanks to Anniwaa Buachie for guest-hosting. 
At the Chef's Table|2003|Imagine being invited to sit at the chef's personal table in one of the country's top restaurants. Only At the Chef's Table and host Alex Boylan provide your backstage pass to experience the chef's realm as you've never seen it before. There's no studio set kitchen with a chef standing behind the counter - instead you'll get a front-row seat to see the exhilarating, fast-paced life of a chef at a 5-star restaurant. From being down at the docks at 5 am for the catch of the day, to devising the evening's menu with the cooks, to tasting the sauces, you'll get a behind-the-scenes peak at how these masterful chefs' artfully crafted dishes come to life. Diners at the chef's table are treated to an experience like none other, tasting dishes presented by the chefs themselves. Pull up a chair - At the Chef's Table. 
At the End of My Leash|2007|Miranda has had enough of her boyfriend Chris' harsh approach to disciplining her dog, Bear. Chris thinks he's right and accuses her of being too soft. Constant bickering and threats to leave has this puppy confused and caught in the crossfire. When Brad challenges the couple to find a middle ground, Miranda is forced to make a tough decision. Will she do the right thing? 
At the Movies|1982|The show that made Siskel and Ebert famous. These two Chicago-based movie critics sit around and review movies, giving either "Thumbs up" or "Thumbs down." Noted for the good-natured insults traded by the two reviewers (usually concerning Ebert's weight and Siskel's receding hairline). 
At the Poocharelli's|2006|At The Poocharelli's follows the daily lives and misadventures of the Poocharelli family of talking dogs. Meet the family - mom, Maggie Poocharelli, is a poodle who is the boss of the household; Pete, that father, is a hard-working, sensible chocolate lab; Brittany is a sociable teenage Yorkshire terrier; eleven year-old Cody is a trouble-making Jack Russell terrier; five West Highland terrier puppies; Gramps, the mixed terrier who is always asleep; and Maggie's cynical sister, Evelyne, a bulldog. 
At the Table with...|2007|They're got killer careers. An obsession with food. And these days enjoy enough fame and status that to simply celebrate what they are is no longer enough. It's time to find out who they are - behind the image, beyond the reputation. What makes them human, whats made them so great. 
Atakku no. 1|2005|Teenage girl Kozue Ayuhara is called to the Japanese Girls Nationalteam and has to face the hardest training she ever had by one of the most notorious national trainers Japan ever had, Daigo Inokuma. Soon she'll get kicked out of the team again and has to face several human struggles as her school team has to win nationals or be closed by the volleyball federation. But part of that is Inokuma's secret plan to create an unbeatable national team. 
Atashinchi no danshi|2009|Chisato is homeless and on the run from debt collectors, when a wealthy man offers to pay off her debt if she marries him for one month. However, Chisato discovers that there are clauses to the contract after he dies, which includes being the mother of his six sons. 
AtenciÛn AtenciÛn|2005|AtenciÛn AtenciÛn is an educational TV show for pre-schools, entertaining one through five years old with a unique blend of live performances, original music and colorful animation. Our charming and droll characters entertain the audience with musical numbers and short skits. The AtenciÛn AtenciÛn band uses pop-rock music to deliver educational content in a cheeky, humorous way. Our colorful cast of characters teaches the audience about language, math, social skills and arts. 
Atesbˆcegi|2017|Baris is a very successful, attractive ,but distanced from love, divorce lawyer who feels there is nothing left to surprise him in life. Asli is a beautiful young girl who is full of life, intelligent and entertaining, but has to work as a taxi driver to help her family. Her family and close friends call her Firefly. When Asli and Baris cross paths their lives will changed and they will enter in a loving adventure. 
Athena|????|A 23-year-old woman discovers she's Athena, the Greek goddess of wisdom and warfare. Each week she must maintain her secret identity while battling a slew of ancient monsters from Greek mythology and searching to uncover which of the other Greek gods is secretly plotting against her to take over Earth. 
Athena: Jeonjaeng-ui Yeoshin|2010|Dr. Kim Myung Guk has been missing for three years. Ever since a terrorist organization tried to capture him for his development on nuclear weapons. But now, the National Anti-Terror Service (NTS) has information that the organization has found him. 
Athens 2004: Games of the XXVIII Olympiad|2004|The games of the 28th summer olympiad returned to the birthplace of the Olympics - Athens, Greece. The games ran from August 13 to 29th 2004. Athens hosted 11,099 athletes, the largest number ever and also the most women athletes (40 %). Representatives from 202 countries took part, more than any other sports event and all but 5 countries sent women atheletes. The Olympic flame traveled for the first time to all continents. The shot put event was held in Olympia - the site of the ancient Olympic games. The Marathon was run from Marathonas to the Panathinaiko stadium (venue of the first modern Olympic Games in 1896). In essence the runners were running the route run by Phidippides after the battle of Marathon in whose honor the Marathon race was created. A record 4 billion viewers watched the games. Sailing Olympic winner Nikos Kaklamanakis, lit the Olympic torch which pivoted downwards, bringing symbolically together earth and sky and then slowly lifted upwards above the Athens Olympic Stadium. Michael Phelps won 8 medals (6 gold) in swimming and tied for the most number of medals won in a single Olympics. The top 3 medal winning nations at the end of the games were: USA 103 medals (35 gold, 39 silver, 29 bronze); Russia 92 medals (27 gold, 27 silver, 38 bronze); China 63 medals (32 gold, 17 silver, 14 bronze). The games were also overshadowed by controversies. The antidoping committe caught 22 atheletes with drug doping violations during the games - a record. Famouse Greek atheletes Kostas Kenteris the 200 mtr Sydney Olympic winner and Katerina Thanou were banned from the games for failing to provide timely samples. The judging for the Men's Individual All-Around Gymnastic medal regarding Paul Hamm (US gold medalist) and Young Yang Tae (S. Korea bronze medalist) concerned incorrect scoring. The most unforgettable moment in the entire Olmpics might be the sportsmanship and courage shown by Brazilian Vanderlei Lima who won the bronze. He was attacked by a defrocked Irish priest Cornelius Horan while he was leading the race about 3 miles from the finish. For his performance Lima also got the presitigious Pierre de Coubertin award for excellence as an athelete. However the closing ceremony ended on a positive note. IOC president Jacues Rogge asked "the youth of the world to assemble in 4 years time in Beijing for the games of the 29th Olympiad"! 
Atlanta 1996: Games of the XXVI Olympiad|1996|Coverage of the archery, athletics, baseball, basketball, boxing, canoeing, cycling, diving, equestrian, field hockey, association football, handball, modern pentathlon, sailing, softball, synchronized swimming, table tennis, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting and wrestling. 
Atlanta Cheer|2015|Atlanta Cheer is a weekly web series dedicated to all of the talented cheer athletes, coaches, teams and gyms in the state of Georgia. Co-hosts Spicy and Ari, discuss the latest competition results, showcase gyms, teams and athletes, provide you with "How To" tutorials from Georgia's top coaches and so much more. 
Atlanta Homicide|2008|One of Atlanta's Finest has been murdered, and it's up to the Homicide Division to find out what happened and why. Evidence points to the victim as a crooked cop, but Bryce has a personal connection to the victim, and his unwavering loyalty begins to cloud his judgment as the case progresses. 
Atlanta Plastic|2015|Victoria's breasts are self-described as "negative A-cup" and she is begging Dr. Baron to make them bigger. Things are very different in the next room as new patient Annie unleashes her Guinness World Record breaking breasts on Dr. Crawford. 
Atlanta|2016|Based in Atlanta, Earn and his cousin Alfred are trying to make their way up in the world through the rap scene. Along the way they come face to face with social and economic issues touching on race, relationships, poverty, status and parenthood. Atlanta is one of the top cities for young rappers looking to make a name for themselves in the business. Among those up-and-comers is Alfred Miles, a hot new artist who is trying to understand the line between real life and street life. He is managed by his cousin, Earn, who gets caught up in the local rap scene and his cousin's career after returning home to the ATL. Earn does whatever he can to try to get Alfred's career to the next level. Darius, the rapper's right-hand man and visionary, is also in Alfred's entourage. When Earn isn't busy managing his cousin's career, he spends much of his time with best friend Vanessa, who is also the mother of his daughter. 
Atlantic City Chronicles|2013|Marine Frank Porter an Atlantic City native returns home to find that the beloved city he left has changed. The opportunities are slim and the jackpots are few and far between. His mother has succumbed to the big "c" and his long time girlfriend Mona has moved on to the safe bet, complete with the big house and white fence. Frank however is not alone, with him are the ghosts of deeds done in honor of his country, even if those deeds have grabbed and twisted his mind to a point where their may be no return. No Jobs, No Family, No Opportunity. The streets sing a siren song to his ear and he struggles with himself to avoid dancing to the tune. In the midst of gangland upheaval and a city rebuilding Frank finds himself stuck in the middle of it all. Looking for an answer his mind toils between the light and that which will send him into perpetual darkness. 
Atlantic: The Wildest Ocean on Earth|2015|In this landmark series, the BBC Natural History Unit explores a vast ocean that stretches nearly 10,000 miles, from Arctic to Antarctic and from sun-drenched tropical reefs to crushing abyssal depths. Narrator, Cillian Murphy reveals the amazing, surprising and resilient inhabitants of the Atlantic, both animals and people, as they pit themselves against the world's wildest ocean. 
Atlantika|2006|Haring Agat and Reyna Celebes are the rulers and keepers of this secret world. Atlantika is in danger now because of the betrayal of the ambitious Barracud. And in the heart of the ocean, a war begins. The only hope of Atlantika lies in a young man named Aquano. His mission is to find and bring back the two missing princesses of Atlantika . One has been prophesied to be the future Queen while the other has powers to sunder and destroy their underwater world. One he will love, the other he must kill. Aquano must find them before Barracud makes them instruments of his evil schemes. Two different worlds are about to meet and collide. Two hearts will find each other in the midst of war. One city's life hangs in the hands of one man's courage. 
Atlantis Rising: The Making of 'Atlantis Down'|2010|An American small town and America's worst economic crisis serve as the backdrop for two independent filmmakers embarking on launching a psychological motion picture and space adventure outside the Hollywood system. The countdown clock is already ticking for Director Max Bartoli and his Executive Producer. 
Atlantis|2013|Jason beats an arrogant bully who is striking an old man but the bully is Heptarian, nephew of queen Pasiphae - who is also betrothed to a reluctant Ariadne. For punishment Jason, along with Pythagoras and Hercules, must join a group of slaves training for the sport of bull leaping. If they can jump over a charging bull they will be spared. Aware of Ariadne's attraction to Jason Pasiphae, a witch, acquires a lock of his hair, with which she fashions a doll and sticks pins in it to incapacitate the boy on the day of the bull leaping. However Hercules sends a message to Medusa, who destroys the doll and breaks the spell. Thus Jason and all the slaves manage to leap over the bull and win their freedom. 
Atlas 4D|2010|Atlas 4D Programme Summary: Atlas 4D explores the most dramatic regions on earth. The first three episodes feature Africa's Great Rift Valley, the Mediterranean Sea and the Hawaiian Islands. Using state of the art computer graphics, Atlas 4D will travel through the fourth dimension, rewinding and fast-forwarding through millions of years. Whole landscapes will evolve and disappear as the films uncover the hidden connections between landscape, natural history and people: Why was an ice age crucial to the success of Polynesian settlers in Hawaii? What was it about volcanoes that was crucial to the Roman Empire? How did the formation of the Rift Valley lead to the birth of humankind? All this and much, much more will be revealed in Atlas 4D. 
Atlas Obscura VR|2017|Season one of Atlas Obscura VR allows you to explore three incredible episodes, each with over 15 minutes of self-paced interactivity and hundreds of secrets to explore and unlock. Harnessing the latest virtual reality capture tools and using genre-defining interactive storytelling techniques, Atlas Obscura VR features incredible imagery, fascinating stories and hidden interactive gems that will transport you to some of the most amazing locations in the world. 
Atlas|2017|Atlas is a mini web series about a woman, Ari, who sells her soul to the Devil, to save her little sister, Maddy's, life. He gives her seven years to live. Our story starts on Ari's last week of existence, when the Devil shows up to collect. 
Atletico Textila|2016|Adrian is constantly making fun of how old-fashioned Traian is, to the point that Traian has to reprove himself in front of the team. Easiest way to do that: discredit Adrian. In the mean time, Vladut finds out that he has a secret admirer. 
Atmos the Addict|2016|When a teenage goth movie reviewer causes an accident in space-time causing all once-thought haunted spaces to become hot-spots for the paranormal, he decides to compensate by dragging along his girlfriend and his best friend to bloodily and comically hunt down monsters and ghosts to feel better, plus save himself from a grisly death. 
Atom|2007|The series tells a story of geniuses like Albert Einstein and Werner Heisenberg who were driven by their thirst for knowledge and glory. It is a story of false starts and conflicts, ambition and revelation, a story which leads us through some of the most exciting and exhilarating ideas ever conceived by the human race. 
Atomic Betty|2004|It's the time of year that Betty and her family take a family trip to a pirate-themed amusement park, leaving X-5 to take care of the house, but not before X-5 hands Betty his new invention. Meanwhile, in space, Greenbeard's ship has fallen apart whilst in the middle of stealing jewels from the planet Pacula. Greenbeard demands to find a new ship, and arrives on Earth at the theme park. As Betty and her family settle in on going into a waterslide with a pirate ship, Greenbeard also sets his sights on it to use as his new ship. Seeing Greenbeard, Betty attempts to corral her parents to safety, but Betty's parents believe Greenbeard and his crew are park employees putting on a show. As Betty retreats to find Sparky, Greenbeard takes Betty's parents hostage after hearing about Betty's mother's snacks, which were termed "gold bars". Taking the ship and Betty's parents with them, Greenbeard leaves Earth for Pacula to make another attempt at the jewels. After refusing to hand over the "gold bars", Greenbeard attempts to keelhaul Betty's parents, but they are saved by Sparky, who had been on the ride when Greenbeard had hijacked the ship. Betty, her parents, and Sparky return to the deck of the ship just as Greenbeard discovers that there are too many jewels to steal, and the ship cannot hold them all. After an explosion occurs on the ship caused by having too many jewels, Greenbeard attempts to steal the "gold bars" again as a consolation prize, but he and his crew are quickly dispatched by Betty, her parents, and Sparky (Betty's father taking photos as the other three were doing the fighting). However, they are unable to control the ship, as it drifts at high speed towards Earth. However, thanks to X-5's invention (a motorized pinwheel), the ship is able to reenter Earth's atmosphere safely, and the ship lands back at the amusement park. Rodeo Robots: Betty and her crew is with her uncle Charlie, where they are enjoying the Moose Jaw Heights Rodeo. Sparky is ecstatic, not because he has never been to a rodeo, but because of the prospects of food. When Charlie asks Betty and company if they want to ride a horse, Sparky insists on riding the untamable horse, Thunderbolt. Meanwhile, Dr. Cerebral has arrived at Crushton, intent on finding spare parts for his latest scheme to destroy Atomic Betty. He discovers a robot remote control, which he dismisses, before discovering Robo-Betty, helping B-1 restore his space cruiser. Robo-Betty is abducted by Cerebral, and leads him to Galactic Guardian Headquarters. Back at the rodeo, Admiral DeGill, also at the rodeo, gets word of Robo-Betty's abduction and orders Betty to stop Cerebral. While distracted by Chaz, Betty and X-5 are discovered by Cerebral. As Betty escapes Cerebral's gunfire, X-5 tries to confront Robo-Betty, only to be kicked onto Sparky, still riding Thunderbolt. X-5 manages to tame Thunderbolt, and the two of them together return to assist Betty. Meanwhile, while Robo-Betty has a temporary malfunction after she meets Chaz, Betty has gained the upper hand on Cerebral. However, this would not last: as Cerebral accidentally throws out a rubber snake that he had won from inadvertently being knocked into a carnival game, it spooks Sparky and X-5 off Thunderbolt, knocking the two on Betty and allowing Robo-Betty to tie the three up. Strapping Betty and her crew on a rocket-powered steer, Cerebral and Robo-Betty celebrate their victory in front of a grandstand full of fans just as B-1 arrives from Crushton. B-1 manages to use a tow line to stop the steer, but Robo-Betty manages to knock B-1 out of his cruiser. B-1 confronts Robo-Betty directly, causing Cerebral's remote control to wear off. Robo-Betty destroys the remote control herself, just as Betty and her crew free themselves, with Thunderbolt's assistance. Cerebral is chased off Earth by his rocket steer, while B-1 and Robo-Betty take their leave. The episode ends as Betty and Chaz finally enjoy a line dance together, while Sparky and X-5 ride on top of Thunderbolt into the sunset. Ending Sketch: Crash-Test Noah: Body Snatchers - Noah tests a machine that is able to read the minds of the Bangoons. The machine works, but Noah is mortified at what he sees. 
Atomic Kingdom|2013|Atomic Kingdom is a 10 episode series of stories depicting the struggles of various heroes within the Kingdom as they fight to stop the twisted Madam Lyra from taking over their World. Taking place 500 years after world war 3 and set within the Atomic Kingdom (once known as Australia before the revolution of 2190). There are many stories from within the Atomic Kingdom. These are the first 10. 
Atomic Train|1999|A waste disposal company has a Russian nuclear bomb to transport, and an employee decides to save money by concealing it on a freight train. The train, also loaded with hazardous and flammable chemicals, suffers a brake failure and becomes a runaway heading for Denver. A wreck would be bad enough, but much, much worse if the bomb goes off. A heroic NTSB investigator boards the train; he and the railwaymen try various ways to stop the train, but nothing works. Meanwhile Denver residents are struggling to collect their families and then leave town, despite rioters and gridlock. Will the train have to be derailed to stop it? If it does derail, will the bomb explode, and if it does, what then? 
Atop the Fourth Wall|2008|Linkara is a witty, sarcastic young adult who reviews comic books of very poor detail, ranging from bad artwork to bad writing. Occasionally, characters from the comics as well as the comics themselves come to life and terrorize Linkara. Not only that, but other-worldly creatures often invade his house and try to take him hostage. He survives it all using his vast knowledge of comics and their many faults. 
Atrabilious|2013|It's been a year and a half since Guy's best friend stole his girlfriend. He's wasted that time on worthless activities like watching wrestling with his friend, rekindling a romance with a racist, and maintaining an apartment that is a constant reminder of his failures. When a cute neighbor moves in upstairs and a small crush turns into a chase, Guy finds himself falling in love with someone who might actually be worthwhile. 
Atsuhime|2008|Atsuhime (Princess Atsu) is the story of the real life Princess Atsu of the Satsuma Domain of Japan during the final years of the Tokugawa Shogunate. In a move to influence the Shogunate policies concerning the new threat from the West, Princess Atsu would be adopted from her birth parents to Lord Nariakira of the Shimizu Clan of Satsuma (Present Day Kagoshima, Japan). Princess Atsu will be readopted to be positioned to be sent to Edo Castle to marry the 13th Tokugawa Shogun Iesada. What she was not told is that the aloof Shogun Iesada was perceived to be a "fool" who was both indifferent to his country's political crisis and his newlywed Atsuhime's affections. Through her determination, she will win over her eccentric husband. But as the foreign crisis looms over Japan, the young princess is widowed at the age of 22 and must now find her place as the newly minted Lady Tenshoin in the private world of the Ooku of Edo Castle. Political intrigue and revolution play backdrop to this riveting 47th NHK Taiga Drama starring Aoi Miyazaki as one of the most influential women of the Bakumatsu - The final days of the Tokugawa Shogunate. 
Attack and Defend|2015|Lions, hyenas, cheetahs, and the highly intelligent African painted dog all have different, but brutally efficient, hunting instincts. Meet these intimidating rulers of the African plains and learn the secrets of their secure reign at the top of the natural food chain. 
Attack of the Killer Tomatoes|1990|The evil Dr Gangreen has created an army of mutant killer tomatoes to help him take over the world. During the mutation process he throws out one that's too big and slow, but it mixes with another experiment, and is transformed into a pretty girl! She escapes with one of the tomatoes, is chased, and gets rescued by a pizza-delivery boy. Together, they must try to thwart Gangreen's plots and rescue his tomatoes when possible, aided by Tara's mutant vegetable powers. 
Attack of the Show!|2005|There's the inside track, and then there are those who pave the inside track. Attack of the Show gets you inside, underneath, around, and behind the newest tech, the hottest games, the fastest-breaking news, and the oddest oddities from the fringe. 
Attack on Titan: Junior High|2015|The story follows Eren Yeager and Mikasa Ackerman entering Titan Junior High, a school where humans and Titans study in the same area in coexistence. Because of a "traumatic" event, where the Colossal Titan ate his lunch back in middle school, Eren hates the Titans, and is constantly trying to find a way to rid the earth of their kind. Because of this, he has a hard time making friends, much to Mikasa's worry. 
Attacked by ISIS on the Road to Mosul|2016|With the mooted October deadline for the recapture of Mosul from the Islamic State rapidly approaching, Kurdish Peshmerga on Sunday launched an offensive to push closer to Mosul from the Iraq's southeast, gaining control of another vital supply line. 
Attenborough: 60 Years in the Wild|2012|In this episode Attenborough "looks back on the iconic animal encounters which have shaped his career". These include the first natural history film he ever saw, a "fanciful story of penguins presented by eccentric Englishman Cherry Kearton"; his early work on the black and white Zoo Quest series, where he had to describe the color of the animals shown; and recalling his first landmark series Life on Earth, and how jet travel enabled him to visit 30 countries for filming for the series in three years. He revisits Borneo, talks about a night-time encounter with a lion pride, and shows how to catch a Komodo Dragon. He also discusses the technological advancements in wildlife film-making over the past 60 years. 
Atticus' Activists|2015|Three dazzling yet clumsy and delusional super heroines join forces to save Mommy Earth. Their leader, Atticus Lexis, is deemed by Corporate America as an "Environmental Terrorist". His M.O. is simple: rid the planet of pollution by any means necessary. With these bad-ass beauties at his behest, he battles corporate bigwigs and oil conglomerates to create a better planet. 
Attila|2001|A romanced story of Attila the Hun, from when he lost his parents in childhood until his death. Attila is disclosed as a great leader, strategist and lover and the movie shows his respect to the great Roman strategist Flavius Aetius, his loves and passions, the gossips, intrigues and betrayals in Rome, all of these feelings evolved by magic and mysticism. During the waning days of Roman Empire, the barbarian Huns are making their way toward Europe. A warrior named Attila violently assumes Hun leadership and unites the warring clans under his banner. But this is not enough for him, Attila seeks to form an empire, and he sees Rome, bristling under the leadership of the incompetent Caesar Valentinian , ripe for the picking. In an attempt to quell a Hun invasion, ambitious Roman General Flavius Aetius attempts to form an alliance with Attila against their mutual enemy, Visigoth King Theodoric. But this plan backfires, and it soon becomes clear that a violent showdown between all three armies awaits. 
Attitudes|1985|Ned Beatty talks about family, Deliverance (1972) and people's attitudes towards rape. A Jewish grandma cooks soup with Linda and Dee. Kate Mulgrew promotes her new talk-show for parents of young children "The Parent Survival Guide (1989)". A dad and his daughter talk about meeting for the first time after 44 years. Shelley Fabares tries to show Linda and Dee how to dye tee-shirts in quick and efficient way. Linda shows Dee one of the most expensive horse saddles ever made, since Dee is a riding aficionado. 
Attrell's Antiques Apprentices|2013|When popular antique dealer Clive Attrell decides to bring some new blood into the industry, he had no idea that the five enthusiastic young ladies who were to vie for the coveted apprenticeship would give him such a hard time. The competitors undergo all manner of lessons, tests, competitions, and challenges. They need to learn about buying and selling, how to identify and value antiques, and about the cut-throat world of auctions and antique fairs. Above all, they need to do all that quicker, and better than their fellow apprentices. As they are reduced from five down to three, and then to a final two, the girls use every trick in the book - both fair and foul - to try and ensure they are the one chosen as Clive's Antiques Apprentice. 
Atwill at Large|2017|Licensed to kill, Clive Atwill deserted the British Secret Service twenty years ago, faked his own death, and created a new life for himself in Southern California. But you can't run away from your karma. When he refused to come out of retirement at the behest of a sinister man named Kobalt, his daughter was kidnapped. Atwill has spent the last few years searching for her and performing peculiar errands for a wily character named Nelson Chadwick. ATWILL AT LARGE is a continuation of the popular ATWILL web series. Neil Dickson returns once more as emotionally damaged Clive Atwill along with Michael Swan as Nelson and Brent Huff as Kobalt. The first episode of the new series is called "Santuzza and Tosca". Written and directed by Charles Dennis. Based on his 2011 award-winning film ATWILL. 
Atypical|2017|Within the Autism spectrum, Sam tries handling desires most of his high school colleagues and sister have - dating, being accepted for who he is. Navigating strained relationships, his parents try to face the changes in Sam's life and pursue their interests. 
Au bon beurre|1981|LÈon LÈcuyer, an idealistic history student, manages to escape from the camp where he was imprisoned and comes back to Paris. He hides in his mother's apartment when the Germans, informed by an anonymous letter, storm their block. He runs away once more and leaves for Lyon. Wishing to serve his country, LÈon decides to kill Pierre Laval. But he does so badly that he is arrested and condemned to ten years in prison. Meanwhile in Paris, Charles-Hubert and Julie Poissonnard, the owners of the dairy shop "Au Bon Beurre", where LÈon's mother shops, thrive by speculating on people's misery, by getting supplies on the black market, by selling goods ten times what they are worth, while blatantly supporting the policies of MarÈchal PÈtain. But when Charles-Hubert senses the wind turning, he changes attitudes. He saves a Jew and even "organizes" the Resistance in his neighborhood. After the war, the Poissonards, richer than ever, have gained a new respectability. As for LÈon, now a history teacher at LycÈe Jean-Baptiste Say, he is transferred against his will for ... giving bad grades to Henri, Poissonard's son. 
Au chenal du moine|1957|Dans ce tÈlÈroman qui ramËne plusieurs personnages du "Survenant", Amable et Phonsine, toujours timides et effacÈs, essaient d'attirer l'attention du pËre Didace, qui ne se remet pas de la perte de son "grand dieu des routes". Il cherche tous les prÈtextes pour aiguiller la conversation sur le sujet, mais personne ne semble disposÈ ‡ l'entendre. La sÈmillante Bedette, plus ÈvaporÈe que jamais, aspire constamment ‡ une Èvasion vers des lieux plus brillants que son village. 
Au jour le jour|1980|Catherine possËde un immeuble ‡ logements dont Gilles est l'un des locataires. Par eux et autour d'eux s'expriment les problËmes quotidiens que rencontre l'ensemble des locataires. Par exemple, ce couple dans la quarantaine peu portÈ sur la communication ou cette mËre qui n'a jamais acceptÈ le divorce de sa fille. Mais il y a aussi des moments heureux et drÙles qui ravivent la joie de vivre et remontent le moral de cette grande ´familleª. 
Au nom de la loi|2005|Dans une frÈnÈtique course contre la montre, Au nom de la loi suit la quÍte de justice de Simon Pelletier et ses efforts dÈsespÈrÈs pour Èchapper aux forces de l'ordre qui sont ‡ ses trousses. Simon Pelletier a ÈtÈ condamnÈ et emprisonnÈ ‡ vie pour un meurtre qu'il prÈtend ne pas avoir commis. AprËs 12 ans en prison, il a ÈpuisÈ ses recours judiciaires et il est arrivÈ au bout de ses ressources. AidÈ par CÈline, son amoureuse, et Scorpion, un ex-dÈtenu, il s'Èvade, prÍt ‡ tout pour secouer l'inertie du systËme et prouver son innocence. Mais Simon est-il innocent? Et s'il n'est pas coupable, qui est le meurtrier? 
Au nom du pËre et du fils|1993|L'histoire s'Ètend sur 37 ans, de 1884 ‡ 1921, et raconte la naissance d'un village des Hautes Laurentides, Saint-Bernard, nÈ du projet de colonisation du curÈ Labelle. L'histoire gravite autour du conflit permanent entre le Dr LafresniËre, fervent humaniste et ouvert d'esprit, et le curÈ Plamondon, fermÈ, qui impose son pouvoir au village par la peur de la damnation Èternelle. Le Dr LafresniËre a une liaison adultËre avec Biche Pensive, de laquelle rÈsulte un fils, Clovis, un mÈtis qui n'est pas acceptÈ par les Blancs. Le curÈ, mis au courant aprËs avoir forcÈ la confession de Biche Pensive, s'en servira ‡ son avantage. D'aprËs l'oeuvre de Francine Ouellette. 
Au secours de BÈatrice|2014|BÈatrice ClÈment, jolie mÈdecin urgentologue de 48 ans, hyper compÈtente mais aussi vulnÈrable et attachante, Èprouve depuis quelque temps des troubles physiques inexplicables. Elle passe tous les tests, mais ses maux persistent. ¿ bout de ressources, malgrÈ ses rÈsistances et son scepticisme, elle se rÈsigne ‡ voir Monsieur P, un psychologue doux attentif et plein de compassion, qui gagne peu ‡ peu sa confiance. Dans le bureau o˘ se dÈroulent leurs entretiens, les patients qui passent ‡ chaque semaine les portes de l'urgence de BÈatrice font Ècho ‡ sa vie personnelle et ‡ son passÈ, lui rappelant qu'elle a beau savoir gÈrer son dÈpartement de main de maÓtre, sa vie privÈe, c'est bien autre chose - En essayant d'Ítre parfaite et de toujours garder le contrÙle, elle fait face ‡ des situations comiques et embarrassantes, mais aussi parfois douloureuses. Sa dÈmarche avec Monsieur P affecte peu ‡ peu toutes les sphËres de sa vie, que ce soit les sentiments qui se dÈveloppent entre elle et le jeune rÈsident Olivier-Luc Laveaux, les forts liens d'amitiÈ qu'elle partage avec sa tante Gin, la complicitÈ qu'elle ressent toujours avec son ex-mari BenoÓt et plus particuliËrement, la relation difficile qu'elle entretient avec son pËre Christophe, relation qui repose sur un lourd secret du passÈ. 
Au service de la France|2015|1960: the French intelligence service hires the 23-year-old AndrÈ Merlaux. Handsome, well raised, intelligent but impressionable, Merlaux has much to learn to serve and defend the interests of France. Three officials must adequately train him to execute delicate and sometimes outlandish operations, as Merlaux discovers the intricacies of government and navigates diplomatic incidents. 
Au siËcle de Maupassant: Contes et nouvelles du XIXËme siËcle|2009|The scene takes place in Paris during the First French Empire. "La Maison du chat qui pelote" is a haberdashery managed with due diligence by Monsieur Guillaume, helped by his faithful assistant Joseph Lebas. Monsieur Guillaume and his wife have two marriageable daughters, Virginie, the elder, a sweet and sensible woman, and Augustine, who has more charms than her. Unsurprisingly Virginie has difficulty finding a suitor. As for Augustine, she has two lovers, Joseph on the one hand and ThÈodore de Sommervieux, a young aristocrat and artist, on the other. Monsieur Guillaume refuses to give Augustine to Joseph as he wants him to marry Virginie, which the assistant clerk reluctantly accepts. On the other hand, Guillaume ends up giving his blessing to ThÈodore and Augustine as. A love match vs. a forced marriage: Augustine seems bound for happiness and Virginie for a dreary life. But destiny has surprises in store. 
Au thÈ‚tre ce soir|1966|Mr. Blake is a vacuum cleaner salesman by trade but his real passion is for detective stories. Which explains why he spots blood stains on the carpet of a potential customer. And as the latter has slipped away discreetly, Mr. Blake changes straight from hawker to amateur detective and goes in search of the corpse... 
Au-del‡ des Murs|2016|Lisa, a speech therapist, inherits a house from an unknown man she is not related to and whom died some 30 years ago in that house, his body remaining undiscovered since then. When she moves into the mysterious building, she becomes trapped inside a true labyrinth where terrifying creatures who seem to know all her past sins cruelly taunt her hoping to imprison her inside, beyond the walls.. Lisa, a children's speech therapist, inherits a mysterious mansion. One of the walls opens up one day to a dark maze and a disturbing path which Lisa will enter only to discover a different world where ghosts and creatures from her past try to keep her inside. Lisa, a young speech therapist, inherits a hulking abandoned building across from her apartment building from an unknown man who died inside it 30 years prior and whose body remained undiscovered until now. On her first night in her new home, she hears strange noises from within the walls. After knocking a hole in the wall, she climbs through only to discover another "house" with infinite rooms upon rooms and menacing monster-like creatures, and from which there is no apparent escape. 
Auction Adventure|2005|Why buy a sport jacket at your local department store when, for about the same money, you could have one that belonged to Johnny Cash instead? AUCTION ADVENTURE's intrepid Michael Eldridge discovers all the ins and outs of buying at auction. Now, if the idea of bidding at the likes of Christie's and Sotheby's fills you with trepidation, don't worry - it was once all new to Michael too. So here's your chance to jump in and get all the right answers without having to ask any dumb questions. Michael provides the "everyman" role asking the questions a viewer would ask, and ultimately giving the audience more than just fuel for their fantasies. He also reveals the myriad nuances of putting a price on the priceless. Michael shows us how we can personally brush elbows with the elite, attend a world-class auction at a Christies or a Sotheby's, place the winning bid and walk out the door with a legendary, one-of-a-kind treasure. AUCTION ADVENTURE viewers will gain the savvy it takes to strategize a shrewd buy "at the block." Why would you ever again buy a cubic zirconia necklace off the rack at jewelry store when you could wear the one that belonged to Marilyn Monroe for about the same price? This is life in collector nirvana--the exciting world we escape to in every episode of AUCTION ADVENTURE. US Premiere: Fine Living Network. Lifestyle series of 13 x Half Hour. 
Auction Kings|2010|Gallery 63 auctions off a pony car icon: a 1965 Mustang as well as a collection of 1970s lunch boxes. Picker Jon takes in a Stumpf fiddle. It may be the oddest, noisiest instrument the Gallery has ever had, but it barely resembles a fiddle. 
Audio Stories from Spike|2014|This story will show you the true Celestia, turncoats - History Chrysalis. The main characters will realize that all what he said before - it is a lie. Will our heroes to defeat an ancient artifact called - Elements of Discord? Can they win absolute power and prevent complete desertification of Equestria? 
Auditions|2013|Socially awkward Virg, temperamental Jack, and chauvinistic Rory are three struggling actors on the wrong side of their rent bills. Enter Maxime, a worldly flower-child new to the acting world. Will this new roommate be the answer to their payment troubles? Welcome to Hollywood! 
Auditions-The Kill Room|2016|From the Producer's of Horror Movies Paranormal Retreat 1 & 2, and Realms, comes a new Reality TV show-Called the Kill Room Auditions, Watch as actors come in to audition for a role on the Kill Room, watch them scream and try to run as they are truly frightened by what is about to happen, true fear! This is really happening and is Psychological terror! a Must see! 
Audrina|2011|Follows former 'The Hills' star and 'Dancing With The Stars' competitor Audrina Patridge as she steps into the next stage of her life and career. Viewers will be introduced to a whole new side of Audrina - her large, outrageous, Orange County family. Get a fly-on-the-wall look as Audrina finds herself trying to balance the demands of her two worlds: Hollywood and family. As she proceeds with furthering her acting, modeling and business career she also juggles her prominent role in her big, tight-knit family. With her tell-it-like-it-is mom Lynne at the center of this close bunch, Audrina is still expected to have an active presence in the lives of her three younger siblings: former wild child Casey, genial younger brother Marky and 15-year-old sister Samantha, who is already exhibiting a rebellious streak that could put Casey's and Audrina's to shame. 
Auf Wiedersehen, Pet|1983|The adventures of a gang of British workmen abroad. Combines black and white humour with moments of drama, poignancy and drunkenness. In series 1, the lads head to Germany seeking work, and are thrown together by virtue of shared nationality and a run-down wooden hut. The story follows the lads' relationships with women, Germans and each other, and their attempts at passing the time away from home, saving money and ordering food in a German curry house. The series ends with new employment legislation forcing some of the Brits having to choose between the UK and their new-found pleasures abroad. Two years later the gang are reunited for a second series, in which they travel to Wolverhampton to rebuild both the "magnificent seven" and Barry's home for his impending marriage. A further offer of work sees the lads head to a Derbyshire stately home in need of refurbishment. Here they fall foul of an irritable pub landlord, suspicious locals, a less than enlightened employer and the Inland Revenue. Finally, they are packed off to Spain as illegal workers for Tyneside villain Ally Fraser, and they fall under the unwelcome spotlight of tabloid publicity. Despite this, they still manage to indulge in some serious drinking practice AND complete the building work. 
Auf und davon - Mein Auslandstagebuch|2007|In "Auf und davon", we show the enthralling stories of young people who follow their hearts. Our heroines manage to overcome geographical and personal boundaries. At first glance, "Auf und davon" seems to be an adventure-format, but it contains much more: In essence, it focuses on the moving causes of our protagonists, their motivations, their desires, their fears and moments of success. 
Augury|2017|Augury is a police based crime thriller set in London, but with the cinematic look, feel and tone of Seven, Silence of the Lambs and Zodiac. The web series follows detectives Harris and Grant, as they attempt to track down a sadistic serial killer that has murdered and mutilated five men over the last two years. The gruesome nature of the crimes have shaken the city and the public are demanding arrests be made. But with the killer promising to strike again in the next 48 hours, will the detectives - with the aid of cyber expert Hannah Treadwell - be able to crack the killer's code in time to save the latest victim? 
Aunn Zara|2013|The story revolves around Aunn and Zara. Aunn is the only son in his family who is pampered by everyone in his family and is treated is a child, while Zara is the only daughter of a single parent. Her father wants her join air force. Both get married as Aunn wants everyone to stop treating him as a child and as Zara want to live a family life which she can only get by getting married. Equally spoiled yet poles apart in both temperament and training, Aunn and Zara's wedding leads the couple to a life definitely low on love but hilariously high on drama with a twist at every turn. 
Auntie Boss|2014|Auntie Boss is a Kenyan comedy-drama television series. It delves into the lives of domestic house helps in a fictional Taifa Estate and their everyday drama as it revolves around the families they work for and activities within the neighborhood. It reflects the normal Kenyan culture about the relationships the house helps have with their bosses. The story also features a lifestyle of the high class society in Kenya. 
Auntie Jodi's Hints|2017|Auntie Jodi is now offering her advice in her very own web series. Why? Do you have a frienemy who is causing problems in your life? Need to know what to do? Auntie Jodi has a Helpful Hint to cover that topic...along with hints, tips, and advice on how to "Stay Sane in an Insane World." This premiere series is based on Auntie's (aka Jodi Adler) Amazon best-seller, "How Dare You?" Auntie Jodi is the advice-giver and life coach for those who do not believe in seeking the advice of a life coach. She's everyone's favorite Aunt--the one you want to sit next to at dinner parties, because everything is better with a side of snarky (and warm) fun. Plus, the advice and Helpful Hints come with Auntie's Happy Hour flair--cocktail anyone? Auntie's "over the top" advice is just what the world needs these days...or so say her followers...ask Auntie a question...she always has an answer. And remember--You can certainly doubt authority, just don't doubt Auntie Jodi. 
Auntie's Big Bloomers|1990|TV presenter 'Terry Wogan' (qv) introduces compilations of comic clips from some of the BBC's favourite programmes portraying the stars in ways in which they were never meant to be seen and they hoped they never would! 
Auntie: The Inside Story of the BBC|1997|A four part documentary to commemorate 75 years of broadcasting history showing the BBC, Auntie as it is affectionately known, from its humble beginnings in the era of wireless right up to the modern day international programme producer and broadcaster it is now. 
Aur Pyaar Ho Gaya|2014|Love oh love is about the beautiful love story between young people, Raj and Avni. Avni is from a traditional home where marriages are arranged and are not for love, though Avni is a romantic and hopes to find love one day. Raj is a young man who believes in love and destiny and has the support of his sister and his brother in law to pursue love. He falls in love at first sight when he sees her at the temple and after that the two have a series of coincidental meetings that seemed like fate. They go through the journey of love and have to overcome the obstacles that stand in their way 
Aus heiterem Himmel|1995|Comic author Tobias and his boat-building friend Christopher are both convinced singles. Together they inhabit an old villa and have an easy life with many girlfriends. But when Tobias' ex-wife dies in a plane-crash in Brazil, his two teenage children Alicia and Henrik and the young adopted Brazilian Carlos move in with them. At first they're less than thrilled, but they manage to arrange themselves to an unusual, but comfortable living community. Focus of the series are typical generational conflicts, single parenting and teenager problems like love-sickness, search for a job, drugs etc. 
Ausby and Styles|2010|In this episode of Ausby and Styles, Natasha goes into labor while her husband Sam is trying to calm her down and keep her from killing him. The mid-wife, Terry, arrives and tries to calm down the situation and at the same time deliver the baby. It's a boy!! His name is Lil Sammy, but beware because Lil Sammy is not your typical newborn. 
Auschwitz: The Nazis and the 'Final Solution'|2005|An in-depth visual and verbal account of one of the most notorious episodes of World War 2. Using location shots and combining CGI, for a 3-D realism, this is a documentary, through a timeline, showing its conception, ideals, horrors and liberation of the Death Camp that is Auschwitz and its role in "The Final Solution". Using reconstructions of key events by actors playing major Nazi hierarchical roles and real interviews from parties of all sides; ex-prisoners, old Schutzstaffel (SS) members and witnesses. Using archive footage conjoined with reflective, contemporary imagery it is a vivid and thorough historical telling of the atrocities of a political ideology that gave nothing but fear and death. 
Aussie Girl|2017|Loosely based on Tammin Sursok's life circumstance, the story takes place at the exact moment when her career in Australia takes a wickedly-delicious-but-horrific turn for the worse and she is forced to get the hell outta Dodge and try to make it in the selfie-obsessed world of Los Angeles. 
Aussie Periscope Girl|2016|Aussie Periscope Girl, hosted by actress Sonia Carroll, takes us on exciting adventures around Australia and the world. This brand new series, was born from Sonia's #1 live streaming travel show currently standing at 28 million hits - creating unusual and interesting segments of fun, adventure and meeting the most wonderful characters along the way. Enjoy a new adventure every week as our wonderful host Sonia radiates sunshine vibes. 
Aussie Pickers|2013|Aussie Pickers Lucas Callaghan and Adam McDonald travel around Australia looking through attics, backyards and sheds in the search for forgotten relics. During their search for treasures Lucas and Adam meet some great Australian collectors and characters. 
Austentatious|2015|Elinor thinks of ways to repel Collin, who she suspects likes her. Lizzie tries to please Will Darcy in his search for a house. The gang tries to convince Marianne to be more realistic in her job search efforts. 
Austin & Ally|2011|A comedy about the unique relationship between a young songwriter, Ally Dawson, and Austin Moon, the overnight internet sensation who gains sudden notoriety after performing one of Ally's songs. Austin and Ally struggle with how to maintain and capitalize on Austin's newfound fame. Austin is more of a rebel type who doesn't follow the rules and is somewhat immature for his age, while Ally is conservative yet self-conscious. A songwriter, Ally Dawson, works at a music store called Sonic Boom. One day, she meets a boy named Austin Moon. Austin steals a song from Ally and becomes an overnight sensation. Later, Ally forgives Austin and and they become partners with the help of Ally the shy songwriter and Austin the spotlight star. A shy songwriter, Ally Dawson, works at her dad's music store "Sonic Boom." One day, she meets a boy named Austin Moon who loves the spotlight. Later, Ally finds out that Austin stole her song and tries to teach Austin a lesson but remotely failed. Ally decides to give him one more chance and they become partners. They couldn't have done it without the help of their friends Dez and Trish. 
Austin City Limits|1975|This special features Lyle Lovett, Dwight Yoakam, Vince Gill, Gillian Welch and Jason Isbell saluting Loretta Lynn, Asleep at the Wheel, Guy Clark, Townes Van Zandt and Flaco Jimenez at the 2015 Austin City Limits Hall of Fame induction ceremony. 
Austin Entertainment Live!|2010|Host Randi Leigh Potenzo interviews Texas Film Commissioner, Bob Hudgins, Singer & recording artist Andrew Heller, Multimedia artist Jamie Panzer, and Spiderwood Studios CEO and Film Producer Tommy G. Warren. Musical segments include a performance by Andrew Heller with Will Taylor & Strings Attached, and musical sketch by Gary Wimmer backed up with the AE Live Writers Choir comprise of Brooke Montfort, Randi Leigh Potenzo and Dan Terry on vocals. Comedian/Impressionist David Born parodies Robin Williams, Christopher Lloyd, and George W. Bush. 
Austin Stories|1997|The story of three friends - Laura , A newspaper columnist, Howard, a homeless slacker, and Chip, a misdirected career-vagabond, - and their misadventures together. 
Austin Variety Show|2010|It's a TV show about a TV show about Austin, Texas. Former musician Troy Dillinger is on a mission to share the best entertainment from Austin with the rest of the world on The Austin Variety Show. With no experience and no budget, he's the show's biggest supporter - and it's biggest liability. See great live music, comedy, burlesque, and an audience participation game show from "The Live Music Capital of the World" in a raw, raunchy stage show which is shot in Austin Variety Show's studios. 
Australia with Simon Reeve|2013|Simon Reeve travels along Australia's breathtaking coast and ventures deep inland on a fascinating adventure around this single-country continent, meeting both aboriginals and the constantly evolving immigrants attracted by its treasure trove of mineral and other riches. Australia is a traveler's paradise: a land of stunning coral beaches that give way to vast tracts of parched red earth wilderness. It's also booming like never before, but the environmental price exacted from (ab)used nature becomes a growing problem. 
Australia's Brainiest Kid|2004|The Australian version of the British game show. From more than 5,000 children aged 11 and 12 who took the initial test, 48 were selected to appear in this series, with 12 appearing in each of four heats. In the first round, a number of general knowledge questions are directed at all of the contestants, which each having to choose between four possible answers. The six highest scores advance to the next round, which begins with a codebreaker, where the contestants are shown a pad with numbers and letters, similar to a telephone keypad, and have to use this to decipher a number sequence after being given a clue about the word they have to find. The order in which they crack the code determines the starting order for the next game, where the contestants select from a choice of subjects (e.g. literature, maths, geography) and have to answer as many questions correctly as possible within a given time. The three highest scores advance to the final round, where after another codebreaker, the contestants study a board of 36 squares for 10 seconds to memorize the squares containing their favourite specialised subjects. They then select a number of squares and have to answer the corresponding question, scoring 1 point if they correctly answer a general knowledge question, 2 points if they correctly answer a question in their favourite subject or 3 points if they can correctly answer a question from someone else's favourite subject. The final three from each heat make up the starting twelve for the grand final episode, where the final winner receives a $20,000 trust account and the honour of being Australia's Brainiest Kid. 
Australia's Deadliest|2013|Mia wakes up one morning and can't get out of bed. The doctors are baffled as she becomes paralyzed, but an unexpected discovery solves the mystery. Then meet Mike, a diver who was unknowingly stung by an Irukandji jellyfish and only sought medical help hours after the venom had taken force in his body. Was it too late? Meanwhile, as Carol is alone in the ocean, she as a sea lion attacked her, leaving a gaping hole in her leg. Carol fights for her life as she tries to get to shore. 
Australia's Next Top Model|2005|Australian version of the hit American television series, where an open call for the 'next top model' is whittled down to a handful of hopefuls. Week by week one of the girls is eliminated until only one remains and is crowned Australia's Next Top Model. 
Australia: The Time Traveller's Guide|2012|Dr Richard Smith embarks on the final stage of his rollicking adventure through the geological history of Australia. From the formation of its landscape to the development of its wildlife in today's desert heart, we plunge into an ancient inland sea, full of monsters. But reptiles didn't have the world all to themselves. Mammals like the enigmatic platypus lived alongside them, ready for their moment in the sun. 
Australian Ninja Warrior|2017|Contestants make their way through a giant obstacle course to win a cash prize. Contestants run, jump, crawl, climb, hang, and swing through crazy obstacles as they compete to become the next Team Ninja champion. This show is a test against a person's will and strength. 
Australian Open Classic Matches|2011|A tennis tournament featuring six different competitions, and part of the 2011 ATP World Tour, the 2011 WTA Tour, ITF Junior Tour and the NEC Tour, as tournaments for professional, junior and wheelchair players were held. The tournament took place at Melbourne Park in Melbourne, Australia from 17 January to 30 January, it was the 99th edition of the Australian Open and the first Grand Slam event of 2011. The tournament was played on hard courts and was organized by the International Tennis Federation and Tennis Australia. 
Australian Story|1996|Acclaimed biographical documentary series broadcast continuously on ABC TV since 1996. Australian Story is known for its narratorless story telling style where the subject tells their own story in their own words. The program has featured both famous and previously unknown Australians from all walks of life and won numerous awards including Logies, Walklies, Golden Tripods and Ellies. 
Australian Survivor|2002|Sixteen Australians travel blindfolded on a bus to Whaler's Way, where host Lincoln Howes divides them into two tribes based on the colour of their blindfolds, uses the toss of a coin to decide which tribe gets to choose where they camp, and directs them to maps that give them directions to the camps where they have to build shelters and spend the next thirty-nine days surviving each other. 
Australians at War|2001|From the Boer War to the present day peacekeeping missions, Australians at War is the most comprehensive visual record ever made of our wartime history. Australian men and women, veterans from all conflicts and witnesses to our past, speak movingly of the events that shaped their lives and those of millions of Australians. 
Authentic Arran|2016|Host James L. Clark and a cast of local characters explore 'Scotland in Miniature" on the United Kingdom's eighth largest island. In each episode he takes on new area and adventure, samples extraordinary dishes, and explores unique sights that make the Isle of Arran a truly unforgettable destination. 
Author Meets the Critics|1947|A panel show in which two critics debated a recently-published book; one critic would assail it, the other would praise it. Later in the program, the author would be given the chance to defend the criticism or to acknowledge the accolades. 
Auto Wars|2013|Auto Wars is a fast paced, adrenaline packed show, focusing on the battle of the two family businesses as they both compete to have the most successful auto shop on Long Island - all the while, continuing their close family friendship. The only question is whether or not the drama will be too strong to keep separate the businesses and the friendships. 
Auto-B-Good|2003|Auto-B-Good is a five-time Emmy Award-winning series that can be seen on public television all around the world. The series is based on the adventures of nine vehicles, each with their own unique personality, who live in the City of Auto. Each episode is centered on a different character development trait, such as honesty, respect, caring, fairness, and many more. 
Autograph|2002|If you have ever wanted the chance to meet a famous Star, and get their 'autograph', and ask a few questions...this is the program for you! In each of 26 hallf-hours, the beautiful Agata Gotova meets and interviews a Star from the Hollywood and International film world or a Music Star or a TV Star, even a Professional Sports Star! Not only does she get their 'Autograph' she gets a great intimate and highly personal interview. Edited with fantastic film clips, each Star is presented in a special way that opens them to the world in a whole new light. Atograph features interviews with Patrick Bauchau, Michael Caine, David Carradine, Tim Conway, Bo Derek, Robert Duvall, Angie Everhart, Ben Kingsley, Martin Landau, Laura Linney, Fayard Nicholas of the Nicholas Brothers, Michelle Phillips, Julian Sands, and Connie Stevens. Autograph has been recognized with a world medal in biography/profiles by the New York Festivals and a globe-gold award from the World Media Festivals in Germany. 
Automan|1983|Walter Nebicher is the police department's resident computer expert, although his immediate superior gives no respect as to his contribution to the force. To fix that, he creates a special program that creates Automan, an artificially intelligent computer construct that looks real, sounds reals and, given enough power, can have an actual physical presence outside the computer that feels real. Together, Walter and Automan along with Cursor, a small floating droid that can create any object Automan needs, battle the criminal elements of the city. Walter Nebicher is the police department's resident computer expert, although his immediate superior gives no respect as to his contribution to the force. To fix that, he creates a special program that creates Automan, an artificially intelligent computer construct that looks real, sounds real and, given enough power, can have an actual physical presence outside the computer that feels real. Together, Walter and Automan along with Cursor, a small floating droid that can create any object Automan needs, battle the criminal elements of the city. They sometimes work with Lt. Jack Curtis; a hot shot police detective. Lt. Jack Curtis believes Automan to be a government agent by the name of Agent Man. 
Automata|2017|In an alternate 1930's Prohibition-era New York City, it's not liquor that is outlawed but the future production of highly sentient robots known as automatons. The surviving automatons are given basic civil rights, living among us as an underclass of social outcasts, the victims of human prejudice and strict laws governing their existence. Automata follows former NYPD detective turned private eye Sam Regal and his incredibly smart automaton partner, Carl Swangee. Together, they work to solve the case and understand each other in this dystopian America. 
Autopsy: The Last Hours Of|2014|Richard. P. Shepherd reads out bits of Whitney Houston - Micheal Jackson - Karen Carpenter - Anna Nicole Smith and more autopsy which tells you not just the time and days leading up to their death but how they lived there life. 
Autoweek's Vinsetta Garage|2012|Courtney Hansen drives through the North American International Auto Show in Detroit with Paul Hemsworth of the George P. Johnson Co. and one of the designers responsible for the elaborate displays at the show. They talk car-show lore and car-show models (product specialists), and we get to see some of the coolest concept cars of all time. We also report on some marketing stunts that have made the NAIAS in Detroit the biggest and best car show in the business. 
Autumn in My Heart|2013|A Hallyu fanatic has tried to focus on work in recent years and becomes the manager of the bakery where she works. But when Nina (Hanez Suraya) finds out that Park Au Tum "Autumn" (Kim Jin Sung) has returned for another business trip to Malaysia, her old feelings for him resurfaces. But as competition for the bakery heats up with the opening of a new bakery owned by Summer (Youmie Robert), Nina tries to figure out a way to fight back the competition with the help of her best friend and coworker, Jaja (Ezzaty Abdullah), and their friend, Ramon (Iedil Putra). 
AutÛgrafo|1997|AutÛgrafo is a series of documentaries about the Puerto Rican history and culture. Presented in biographical videos, seeking to highlight moments of struggles and achievements of the key players in Puerto Rican history, whose lives challenge our imagination, elevate our dreams and inspire our lives. Each biography in the videos is based on extensive research conducted by historians and professors of the University of Puerto Rico and enhanced by a combination of photos, interviews and visual material. 
AvaliÎa|2015|AvaliÎa is a web serie which takes place in a medieval fantasy world, inspired by Celtic and Scandinavian myths, telling the story of Guywenneth, a young druid discovering herself by protecting a mysterious and magic branch of Yggdrasil against Sunniva, a valkyrie warrior. On her way, Guywenneth will meet Rhyslann, a disillusioned knight in exil. 
Avant*garde|2008|AV presents some extraordinary film makers of the international art house & independent cinema, and allows both emotional and informative insights into the works of these directors. AV is celebrating pop cultural cineastic clichÈs in a tongue-in-cheek style, but always with a highly stylistic approach that is following the works of the respective director. 
Avanti un altro!|2011|A late-afternoon Italian game show hosted by Gerry Scotti, Luca Laurenti and Paolo Bonolis. "Avanti un altro!" is Italian for Next one!, as the host shouts out when the next contestant enters, while weird characters join in as comic relief. 
Avatar: The Last Airbender|2005|The world is divided into four elemental nations: The Northern and Southern Water Tribes, the Earth Kingdom, the Fire Nation, and the Air Nomads. The Avatar upholds the balance between the nations, but everything changed when the Fire Nation invaded. Only the Avatar, master of all four elements, can stop them. But when the world needs him most, he vanishes. A hundred years later Katara and Sokka discover the new Avatar, an airbender named Aang. Together they must help Aang master the elements and save the world. Water... Earth... Fire... Air. Long ago, the four nations lived together in harmony. But then, everything changed when the Fire Nation attacked. Only the Avatar, master of all four elements, could stop them. But when the world needed him most, he vanished. A hundred years passed and my brother and I discovered the new Avatar, an airbender named Aang. And although his airbending skills are great, he still has a lot to learn before he's ready to save anyone. But I believe Aang can save the world. In a world where humans can bend the four elements, water, earth, fire, and air, the ruthless Fire Nation has engaged the rest of the world in a war that has lasted one hundred years. The world's only hope is the Avatar, the only one who can master all four elements. When the Avatar returns one hundred years later, a young Airbender named Aang, it's up to him to defeat the Fire Nation, and bring balance to the world. When the hostile Fire Nation threatens to enslave the Water, Earth, and Air Nations, a reluctant and irresponsible boy must face his destiny as the Avatar, the Chosen One who can restore the world order. This new animated series centers on twelve-year-old Aang, who must forgo his selfish wandering to learn to master his latent powers over the four elements. Only then can he conquer the Firebenders, the evil nation that threatens the world. In a lost age the world is divided into four equal powers: Water Tribe, Earth Kingdom, Fire Nation, and Air Nomads. In each nation there's a group of gifted people known as Benders who have the ability to manipulate their native element using martial arts and elemental magic. For thousands of years the nations lived together peacefully. But then disaster struck. The young ruler of the Fire Nation, Fire Lord Sozin, began a war of world conquest. The only one who could have prevented it was the Avatar. The Avatar is the human incarnation of the Spirit of Light, he alone can master bending all four elements. But, just when he was needed most, he disappeared. Now, 100 years later, a young Waterbender named Katara and her older brother Sokka stumble upon the long lost Avatar, Aang, who was encased in an iceberg for 100 years. They must help Aang master all four elements before summer when Sozin's grandson Fire Lord Ozai will use a comet to deal one last deadly strike against the other nations and claim a Fire Nation victory. But, all that is easier said than done with the Fire Lord's determined and hot-tempered son, Prince Zuko, hot on their trail. 
Avaye baran|2013|The movie about the life of a man named Taha Riahi, tells the trader that the incidence of drug action and changed the destiny for his daughter's strange eating varieties., He returns to Iran after many years and is looking for his missing daughter. 
Ave 43|2009|Lyle hooks Randy on heroin and starts pimping him out to creepy men, then kidnaps Debbie. Mike and Walter get new boyfriends. Cliff gets sexually harassed by his boss, Nanette. Ondria, a practicing witch, puts a love spell on Cliff. Cliff falls in love with Nanette but she screams when he shows her his penis. Irene's captive sister stages a coup. 
Avec Eric|2009|The law of the land is food and wine paired perfectly together. Eric heads out into the Margaret River coastal region braving crashing waves and searching for abalone with Josh Whiteland whose family has inhabited the land for centuries. After visiting an Aboriginal cave dating back thousands of years, Eric continues his journey to the Aravina Estate, an impressive vineyard with chef Tony Howell that respects traditions in a modern setting. With an appreciation for local and seasonal produce, Eric prepares a Goat Cheese Parfait with golden beets, apples, potatoes, and an olive vinaigrette paired with a Margaret River Voyager Estate wine. 
Avec le temps|1974|Un groupe de jeunes fonde, pour se rÈunir, le centre La BoÓte ‡ tout l'monde. En plus d'y pratiquer des activitÈs crÈatrices - danse, peinture, poterie -, le centre permet aux jeunes d'exprimer leurs joies, leurs soucis et leurs rÈactions face au monde des adultes sur lequel ils portent souvent un jugement sÈvËre. Cet univers leur permet de se confronter ‡ la complexitÈ des Èmotions humaines et aux difficultÈs de la vie, et de dÈcouvrir les joies de l'initiative, de la crÈation et de l'amitiÈ vÈritable. 
Avec un grand A|1986|ThËme :  tre prÍtre et aimer une femme. / SYNOPSIS de la dramatique: Ignorant qu'il est prÍtre, Solange tombe amoureuse du professeur d'Èducation physique de son fils et attend un enfant de lui. TrËs Èpris, Bernard croit qu'il peut ‡ la fois aimer Solange et l'…glise, ce que refusent d'admettre ses supÈrieurs. DÈchirÈ entre l'amour et la religion, il doit ultimement choisir. MÍme si la sociÈtÈ quÈbÈcoise s'est rapidement laÔcisÈe, la religion demeure, mÍme en 1990, un sujet Èpineux sur lequel se penche Janette Bertrand dans cette dramatique, abordant la dÈlicate question du voeu de chastetÈ. 
Avenger Penguins|1993|Mad scientific genius Caractus P. Doom, with the help of a series of fiendish inventions and his reluctant lackey Harry Slime, is bent on total domination of Big City and the entire planet. His only obstacle is a gang of three motorbike-riding Avenger Penguins, consisting of the leader Marlon and his two friends, big dim-witted Rocky and incomprehensible babbler Bluey. 
Avenger|2003|Years into the future, colonies have been established on Mars. Resources on the dying red planet are thin, and the domed cities have resorted to a gladiator contest to determine which of them receive the most rations. Layla Ashley is the representative fighter for Serena City, Mars. She and Speedy, a doll breeder, run across Nei, a mechanical doll with curious characteristics. Together they wander and fight their way across the planet, to take revenge against a man from Layla's past... 
Avengers Assemble|2013|Can the world's most powerful team of Super Heroes put aside their differences and learn to live together under one roof long enough to save the world from ultimate destruction? The answer will be revealed when the Red Skull and M.O.D.O.K. wage war on The Avengers. 
Avengers|1999|This series tells the stories of Marvel Comics greatest general membership superhero teams (as opposed to a family organization like the Fantastic Four or a minority group organization like the X-Men). Led by Hank Pym as Ant-Man and Janet van Dyne as the Wasp, they fight evil around the world and beyond against threats like Ultron. 
Aventura sin lÌmite|2004|CÈsar Espinoza and Carlos Pedro BriceÒo host this TV series which takes them around Venezuela doing all kinds of extreme sports. From climbing the country's highest mountain to flowing through the Amazon river in their Kayacs these two are adventurous without limits. 
Aventuras Vascas|2000|This story opens up on two kids that are taking a high school Spanish class in England. They are assigned as partners for the class trip to Getxo, Spain and travel together. One is staying with a drug addict and his grandmother, he knows something is up. The other stays with a very dreamy Spanish man who owns a coffee shop with his mother. The show follows the two characters and their run-ins with the drug addicts dealers. It is five episodes long. 
Aventures dans le Grand Nord|1994|A Native American woman (Neve Campbell) flees from an obsessive fur trader (Lorne Brass) who stalks her across the wilds of 1800's North America. In her travels, a wolf becomes her guardian. Jeff Fahey also appears as her eventual protector and lover. 
Avenue C|2010|Carmen Castle and Chocolate Chip, the princess and the pastry chef, are two quirky characters living on an Avenue vivid with childhood imagination. This show explores many facets of educational learning including song, dance, puppetry, and glittery explosions of FABULOUSNESS. 
Average Dicks|2015|After the Crack Shack Quartet releases their first YouTube video they receive backlash from an Internet troll calling them out as homophobic. Now to protect their bands credibility they are forced to prove that the rap duo isn't homophobic. 
Average Joe|2003|A gorgeous lady is cast as a "bachelorette" to find her dream man. When her suitors arrive she finds that they are just average looking guys, not handsome hard-bodies as she was hoping. But, as the she gets to know the average fellas a new group of studs in brought in to change the complexity of the game. 
Aveux|2009|Simon Laplante was once Carl. After running away from his family, he builds a new life for himself in Montreal. He made new friends. However, a delivery man recognizes Simon as Carl. Simon's relatives from his past then start looking for him. His relatives from his new life wonders why Simon has never talked about his biological family. One question lingers: why did Simon run away from his biological family? 
Aviation Storytellers|2013|Take a tour of one of the most rare and unique airplane collections on earth. Greg Herricks's collection features many one of a kind aircraft, each with an incredible history: Including the last flying Avro Avian, a 1927 Ford Tri-Motor (flown by Amelia Earhart and Charles Lindberg), and even a flying car. The Collector features these rare aircraft and many more. Hosted by the collector Greg Herrick himself. 
Avoiding Armageddon|2003|This series from Ted Turner Documentaries explores the explosive intersection between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction. Viewers are taken to some of the most dangerous places in the world to see dramatic human stories that convey the threats from nuclear, biological and chemical weapons, as well as the hope that the world can still choose to avoid Armageddon. 
Avoir su...|2001|Le journaliste Charles Sanschagrin, qui s'est prÈsentÈ ivre en pleine tÈlÈvision, est envoyÈ en pÈnitence dans une station de tÈlÈvision de rÈgion, ‡ Ste-Ginette plus prÈcisÈment. L‡ o˘ il ne se passe rien, le reporter couvert de honte devra composer avec des moyens de bouts de chandelle et un personnel pour le moins original et colorÈ: le journaliste Cantin Quintal, vaniteux mais incompÈtent, l'animatrice Francine Lafrance, une croqueuse d'hommes, Royal Gendron, un rÈdacteur en chef ‡ la santÈ fragile, la rÈceptionniste Julie St-Onge, qui rÍve de gloire et dont l'homme ‡ tout faire, Ben, est dÈsespÈrÈment amoureux, de mÍme que la directrice de la station, Mme Daveluy, une grippe-sou qui n'hÈsite pas ‡ abuser de son pouvoir. 
Avrupa Yakasi|2004|A misunderstanding leads Fatos to register the crew of their magazine for the TV show 'Come Dine With Me'. At the end Burhan and Asli are the only members of the magazine to take part in the show. Therefore, Makbule, Dilber as well as Dursun join the competition. 
Avrupa|????|AVRUPA, after the Turkish word for Europe, centres on a Turkish family owning a cafÈ in a small provincial town in the Netherlands in the 1980s. Revolving around Ata Osman and Cansu «elik and their four adolescent children Erg¸n, Sibel, Mert and T¸lay, the series portrays the difficulties the family members face while trying to make East and West meet. The story opens when the impecunious «eliks leave for the fishing village of FoÁa on the Turkish south coast where Sibel is supposed to get married to Zafer, son of an old well-to-do friend of Osman. There, things start badly when Cansu discovers her father has died without her being notified by her family, hurling her back to a traumatic experience in the past. 
Avudim: Lost with Tzufit Grant|2011|Tsufit Grant is an investigative reporter. She helps people find lost relatives, life saviours, friends, etc. People that do not have the resources of doing it by themselves. The stories are compelling viewing and easy to get emotionally involved 
Awake|2012|Drama series about a detective who finds he is leading an arduous double life that defies reality. Following a tragic car accident, detective Michael Britten finds himself awake in two separate realities: one where his teen son, Rex, died in the crash and his wife, Hannah, survived and another where Hannah has perished, leaving Michael and Rex to pick up the pieces. In order to keep both of his loved ones alive, Michael begins living in two dueling realities, churning up confusion. In one reality, Michael and his wife debate having another child, while in the other, his son Rex is turning to his tennis coach, Tara, to fill the void from the loss of his mother. Trying to regain some normalcy, Michael returns to solving crimes in both worlds with the help of two different partners, Detective Isaiah "Bird" Freeman and Detective Efrem Vega. Michael is assigned a different case in each reality and quickly discovers that his dual existence is actually a powerful tool. He begins to solve impossible cases by using his two realties to gain unique perspectives and link clues that cross over from world to world. Helping Michael to navigate his two realities are his bureau-assigned therapists Dr. Evans and Dr. Lee. While both therapists work to untangle his two worlds, Michael has no interest in proving either one is false. But when memories of the accident begin to haunt him, he is forced to confront the truth about what really happened the night of the crash. 
Awakenings: Marlo|2013|Meet Marlo, Greg, Jelisa & Jackson - four college friends struggling to maintain their friendships after recent breakups...with each other. Though there's tension between them, Marlo's in trouble & needs their help now more than ever. Will they be able to put the hurt & anger aside? 
Away We Go|1967|Carlin does his impression of how a future weather cast might go, Buddy Rich and his orchestra perform "Here Comes Charlie" and Mexicali". Greco does with renditions of country classics "Cold, Cold Heart","Born to Lose" and "Your Cheatin' Heart". Michele Lee offers "Everybody loves My Baby" and "I Believe In You". 
Away|2017|Nilay, being a three-striker minority, is a walking political statement with absolutely no desire to be a part of the political scene. On the surface she represents your average twenty something living on her own for the first time: Clueless about "the real world." Love is something she learned about on the radio. And that art degree she's spent four years earning isn't going to much use. Set in summer 2016, a time of political and social unrest, Nilay is swept into the unfamiliar world of activism, which for the first time forces her outside of herself. As she tries to keep her mind from falling victim to the seductive Los Angeles party scene, those around her continue to challenge her ideology, sexuality, and overall purpose, making Nilay question exactly where she fits in. 
Aweful Movies with Deadly Earnest|1961|The series was produced by TVW-7 Perth with the first show aired in 1961. The show went out live, as TVW-7 did not acquired videotape facilities until 1962. Other regional TV stations would later produce their own "Aweful Movies with Deadly Earnest". 
Awesome Adventures|1998|Today we are in the Poconos Mountains. Your host Chris meets up with Poconos locals Alyssa and Jordan, as they explore the area by land and by water. Adventures include zip lining, a segway tour, a paintball game, watersports at Lake Harmony, and more. 
Awesome Games Done Quick|2011|Awesome Games Done Quick and Summer Games Done Quick are two annual video game speedrun charity marathons held in the United States, originally organized by the communities at Speed Demos Archive and Speedruns Live, and run by a dedicated company, Games Done Quick, LLC, since 2015. Held since 2010, the events have raised money for several charities; the most common two being the Prevent Cancer Foundation and Doctors Without Borders. The events are broadcast live on Twitch. Viewers are encouraged to donate for incentives during the stream such as naming characters in a run, having the runners attempt more difficult challenges, or winning prizes. Over $8 million has been raised across fourteen marathons. 
Awesome Movie Reviews|2012|Michael Neil Morris reviews The Avengers starring Robert Downey, Jr. (Iron Man), Chris Evans (Captain America), Mark Ruffalo (Hulk), Chris Hemsworth (Thor), Scarlett Johansson (Black Widow), Jeremy Renner (Hawkeye), Tom Hiddleston (Loki), and Samuel L. Jackson (Nick Fury). 
Awesome Possum Pony Club|2016|A half hour, live action, stand alone, drama series set in the always-intriguing world of horses. A group of 10 year old kids form the "AWESOME POSSUM PONY CLUB", because of their mutual love of horses and other animals. Its focus however is much wider than simply the equestrian world - it emphasizes that kids have the power to make a positive difference in their own lives and in their communities. 
AwesomenessTV|2013|Nickelodeon's brand new sketch comedy show featuring hilarious characters, awesome pranks, and music parodies. Pro Wrestling Family, Top 5 Most Annoying Photographers, Rabbit Scare Prank, OMG Facts, Terry The Tomboy: Question and Answer, Boys Do My Makeup, and more. 
Awesometacular with Jeremy Jahns|2016|Jeremy takes a visit to Meltdown Comics to learn about the history of the Joker, speculates on the new title for Star Wars: Episode VIII, attempts to stomach a round of "Movie Shots", and goes back in time with the MovieFanz to review the "Battlefield Earth" trailer. 
Awkward Annie|2013|Annie Abigail Allen is a girl who lives in her own world where other people just pass through. She's a film snob but not your typical one. While she digs on things like Czechoslovakian cinema and Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, she also thinks The Asylum makes the best bad movies ever and is a horror movie buff. She's a cute yet complicated girl with a very bohemian fashion style and tends to dress in flowy stuff. 
Awkward Bully|2014|This web-series feature nerds that were picked on because they where not like everyone else in school, they were the target for jokes in there childhood. However, when the nerd becomes an adult, they come in counter with their past bullies. And now the nerd is the bully to the grade school bully.What goes around comes around. 
Awkward Embraces|2010|The series follows the dating adventures and misadventures of three L.A. girls who prove that just because a girl is hot, it doesn't necessarily follow that she has a man, or even that she'd know what to do with one if she got one. Jessica, the Star Trek/comic book geeky girl, seems to always say and do just the wrong thing at the wrong time to the wrong guy, proving that, well, "Nerdy girls need love, too." Her friends' awkward attempts to help her generally backfire, and though their luck with men is a little better than hers, it's still not enough to keep from being face-aching funny. 
Awkward.|2011|"Awkward" is about the specific incidents in our formative years that define us -sometimes for the best and sometimes for the worst. The show centers around fifteen-year-old Jenna Hamilton, who, like many, feels invisible to her peers and desperately wants to find her place--which is hard to do in a day and age where fitting in means standing out. Unfortunately, Jenna's visibility comes on the heels of an accident that gives her a not-so-fun stigma. And while the stigma of her accident could be the curse of her life, Jenna's determined to make it her life's blessing. Awkward is about a girl Jenna who is in high school. Her bff T is the one who gives her good and bad advice. Jenna is faced with many obstacles of sex, friends, guys, and just fitting in. Val is her school counselor who sometimes goes a little over board with her "advice". But MATTY is everything she has ever dreamed of in a boyfriend there's just one thing hey won't take her out in public. Jenna is just trying to survive high school! 
Awkwardness|2015|Back in 2013, Jonah Green attended a college party as a freshman that was absolutely perfect. Cool people, great music, and Jonah was the life of the party. Yep, he was total social butterfly. That is, until he did something so totally humiliating at the party he wished he could fly away forever! 
Ax Men|2008|Shelby gets his jetboat back, and it now has a new five hundred horsepower engine that will help him get the job done. Up in Washington, Rygaard is still struggling, and with no other options, Gabe is forced to promote his inexperienced crew, which could spell disaster. And in Canada, Dave McRae and Triack Resources step up to the plate and bring in a beast of a machine to get the wood out. Down in the high plains of Wyoming, the Zitterkopfs are without their skidder, but David comes up with a plan to save the day and keep delivering the much needed wood to the mill. And down in Florida, Greg Chapman's decision to leave the logging in the hands of his crew, could cost him more than just productivity. 
Axel Nort|1966|The story begins when Nora Pintens buys an electric heater which works as a radio receiver for the local radio station. She is kidnapped for that electric heater and Axel Nort, a private detective starts an investigation. He gets help from criminology student Dirk Talboom, who is also the son of the Chief of Police. Together they start an exciting quest for answers and quickly they find out that they are facing a dangerous group of international diamond smugglers. Mysterious messages, hidden clues, explosions and high speed chases; more than once is Axel Nort faced with danger and mystery. But during the search they get regular help from a mysterious lady with a headscarf, although she is actually working for the criminal gang. Later they find out that she is trying to save her husband Filip, who is being held by Dilbert, the leader of the group. In an exciting finale in the Ardennes, Filip can be saved and Dilbert can be captured so that this adventure comes to an end for Axel Nort and his friends. 
Axel!|2002|Axel has some problems. He is a 17year old teen, he lives alone with his mother, he has no girlfriend and his friends Basti and Bong having their own problems. So Axel have to go to a psychologist. In little episodes he describes his chaotic life with the problems of a teenager. 
Ay G¸ey, Chicas Bien|2017|Two struggling girls from different walks of life encounter a duffle bag with five million dollars cash that belongs to some gangsters. In their effort to escape the end up, inadvertently taking the identities of two heirs of a hotel emporium. 
Aye Prisilla|2016|Twenty something year old Prisilla attempts to start a new life by moving back into her mom's house after a tragic breakup. Her quest for starting a new life is quickly interrupted after receiving an invite to her ex's wedding. With her "start to a new life" on hold due to the unexpected news, her new quest is to make her ex jealous with the help from her best friend Clint and her outspoken Hispanic mother, Reyna. 
Ayesha and Max's Movie Minute|2016|Hosts Ayesha Rahman and Max Geschwind each give their take on what some of their favorite films were of 2015 as well as providing reviews for the films nominated at the 88th Academy Awards. They give their predictions too on who and what film will win the big prize! All this and more on Ayesha and Max's Movie Minute! 
Ayesha's Homemade|2016|Putting a grown-up twist on some favorite childhood foods for game night with her sister, cousin and childhood best friend; swapping a plain old hot dog for a sophisticated grilled bratwurst with brie and spiral apple slaw; putting a colorful spin on French fries with rainbow fries with a grainy mustard aioli; for the sweets, she makes s'mores donuts and spiked chocolate malted milkshakes. 
Aylesbury: Blair's Children|2007|4 teenagers tell their stories of coming to adulthood under Tony Blair's Leadership. Including: religious redemption, teenage pregnancy, overcoming violence, and transformation from child gun runner to asylum seeker 
Aynabaji Original Series|2017|In the Original Series, seven different episodes come with seven different stories on different backdrops in different places, situations, incidents around different characters. Yet they are true to the core spirit of Aynabaji, and there lies its uniqueness and beauty. Every single episode is expected to carry the weight of the original film with its magnetism of storytelling, acting and appearance. 
Ayoye|2001|En 1967, une dÈnommÈe Ginette a ÈtÈ kidnappÈe par des extraterrestres, ainsi que plusieurs autres Canadiens, et emmenÈe contre son grÈ sur T-ZKO. On raconte qu'elle cria ´ Ayoye. ª ‡ la vue des habitants de sa planËte d'accueil. ImpressionnÈs, les extraterrestres ont dÈcidÈ de baptiser leur planËte Ayoye sur-le-champ. Deux gÈnÈrations plus tard, FlÈonard Bacon, petit-fils de Ginette, dit FlÈo, entre en contact par courriel avec Manuel LalumiËre-Dufort, dit Man, un jeune Terrien de 12 ans. La vie de Man et de sa famille est totalement bouleversÈe lorsque le carrÈ de briques des Bacon atterrit sur le terrain vacant attenant au jardin des LalumiËre-Dufort. 
Az emberi kaland|2001|The basic idea of the film: This world has not been tailor-made for us. We are not "at home". We live in a world, which is according to Jacques Monod "an alien world", a world which is "deaf to our music, just as indifferent to our hopes as it is to our suffering or our crimes". Within this alien world, in this vast and cold and dark universe, we have built, and keep building day by day, our own human world of dignity, freedom, security and happiness. Deliberately or unintentionally, in or without awareness, we construct (and demolish) this world every moment, including the most trivial acts of our lives. How? That is what the series will show. First episode: Are we at home in this Universe? Is our Planet an Earthly Paradise? Or a killing field? Why do certain animals die so early? Will butterflies, cockroaches and dolphins survive us? How did we convince ourselves that we were at the center of the world? Homo sapiens and the human adventure. 
Az po usi|2014|Jakub (Jiri Havelka) hits Sarka (Ana Geislerova) with his bike. After he treats her injury in his little boat rental on the bank of the Vltava river, he invites her to dinner as an apology. Sarka visits her mother Carmen (Jana Svandova), who, having lost her popularity as an actress, is drowning her sorrows in liquor, as always. Zuzana (Jitka Cvancarova) and Milan (Hynek Cermak), a married couple, are facing a deep marriage crisis caused mainly by Milan's infidelities, which Zuzana knows about. Zuzana's colleague Ema (Anna PolÌvkov·) searches for love online. Her first date is catastrophic - her blind date leaves under the pretense of parking his car. Ema is in despair, thinking she is going to stay single forever because she is ugly. However, she ignores her colleague Karel (Radek Holub) though he's courting her. Jakub unexpectedly leaves his date with Sarka and rushes to his sister Halka, a heavily depressed lesbian artist. Unfortunately, he does not manage to save her. 
Azeroth Choppers|2014|Grab a front-row seat for the ultimate road showdown! Legendary custom motorcycle designer Paul Jr. has assembled two handpicked teams of bike experts to bring to life a pair of asphalt-kicking chopper designs inspired by World of WarcraftÆ's two warring factions. Joining each crew on their epic quest are members of the World of Warcraft development team, on board to help to infuse the essence of the Horde and the Alliance into each bike. In the end, only one chopper will reign supreme as the undisputed king of Azeroth's roads in a winner-takes-all showdown voted on by World of Warcraft players around the globe. 
Aztecs|????|In the last two decades of the Aztec Empire three lives converge-Huemac, a Tenocha warrior, Cortez, the famous Spanish conquistador, and Malinche the daughter of a tribal lord. Each plays an integral role in the fall of the greatest civilization in the Americas. 
Azul|1996|Alejandra is a young woman who works in the dolphinarium of an amusement park in Mexico City, works with Juanjo and Fina to take care of the dolphins and Keiko, a tender orca, who lives in the park and entertains visitors. Alejandra studies nursing and is part of the team of park coaches. Ernesto Valverde is the owner of the center of attractions, is cruel and has plans in the company of his lawyer to kill Keiko and turn it into tacos, according to the argument of the novel would be more than 38,000 assorted tacos and make a deal with organized crime . Enrique is an independent and handsome young man who adores animals, he is the son of Ernesto Valverde and is against his father's sinister projects. Enrique becomes part of the group of coaches and meets Alejandra, both fall in love and together they face a great series of problems to save Keiko. Keiko becomes the best friend of Alejandra and Enrique, and together the three give smiles and fun to many people. 
Azumanga daiÙ|2002|An animated series based off of the four panel managa of the same name, Azumanga Daioh is a whimsical, hilarious and very cute look at the lives of an ecclectic group of high school girls and their teachers at a Tokyo high school. As the series progresses, small bits of their lives are shown, slowly painting a bigger picture as the cast shares the ups and downs of high school life, revolving around a close-knit friendship and a lot of silliness. Azumanga Daioh, based on the 4-panel manga of the same name by Kiyohiko Azuma, is a charming and funny series that focuses on a group of girls - each with their own distinct personalities - at a high school in Japan. There's Chiyo, the adorable 10-year-old prodigy; Sakaki, the quiet girl who loves cute things but has trouble with a particularly vicious kitty; Tomo, the loud and energetic but untalented one; Kagura, a competitive and athletic girl; Yomi, the relatively level-headed member of the group; Kaorin, a shy girl with an unusual admiration for Sakaki; and Ayumu, a.k.a. "Osaka", a kind girl who just happens to always have her head in the clouds. The series also pays attention to a group of teachers at the school: Yukari, the English teacher with some rather juvenile tendencies; Minamo, Yukari's longtime friend/rival who teaches physical education; and Mr. Kimura, a creepy-looking, slack-jawed classic literature teacher who's not afraid to admit that he only became a teacher because he has a fetish for high school girls. 
AÔcha|2008|AÔcha Bouamaza, a French girl of Algerian origin, lives with her family in a ghetto neighborhood in the northern suburbs of Paris. She works as an intern, a couple of blocks from her home, at the local office of a big Parisian company. She dreams of getting to the other side of the beltway to integrate the HQ, in Paris. But what can one hope for, when one spends days filing papers without anyone noticing you? Then one morning, the group director trusts her with the promotion of a new beauty product in her town. AÔcha dedicates herself wholeheartedly to the success of this event, but finds herself confronted to Gloria, a Spanish woman determined to get her job at all costs, and must also deal with her cousin Nedjma, whose actions as the head of a "newly converted Muslim women" group are creating a wave of panic in the suburbs... 
AÒos de esperanza, La EducaciÛn Superior|2001|In Mexico, only around 20 percent of the nation's youth enroll in higher education and attend some form of college or university. This percentage is very low when compared to the 30 to 50 percent of students that enroll in higher education in other countries. The lack of state support and true educational reforms, as well as the necessity to give the opportunity the greatest number of students possible, are some of the challenges that our institutions of higher education face. Not even the proliferation of private schools is a solution, given the low quality of many of these institutions, or the high tuition rates that they charge in order to ensure a better level of education. 
B InTune TV|2005|"B InTune TV" is an on-going hot show FOR and ABOUT Kids, Teens and Their Music. Hosted by TV personality/ Recording artist ZARAH from the B InTune Studio, Hollywood and around the world, "B InTune TV" plugs it viewers into the very heart of the music scene with exciting and compelling stories on the 'Who's Who' of the entertainment industry and current hot topics. "B InTune TV" is informative as well as entertaining. 
B-Daman Crossfire|2013|B-Daman Crossfire follows Riki Ryugasaki, a young boy who eventually discovers a particular game called, B-Daman. One day, he finds a B-Daman of his own named, Thunder Dracyan. Thunder Dracyan is inhabited by a B-Animal, mystical beasts trapped in the form of B-Daman figures. B-Daman Crossfire is the first B-Daman anime of the Cross Fight series and the seventh B-Daman anime series, overall. B-Daman Crossfire follows Riki Ryugasaki, a young boy who discovers a game called B-Daman. One day, he finds a B-Daman of his own named, Thunder Dracyan who is inhabited by a B-Animal, mystical beasts trapped in the form of B-Daman figures. 
B-Rate Kinda Life|2017|A low-budget web series about two eccentric degenerates trying to break into the movie business, with the help of their friend/stuntman, and his uncle, an ex-action film icon-turned unemployed alcoholic. During the course of their journey, an ancient supernatural force intervenes, attempting to sabotage any chances they might have of succeeding. 
B-city|2016|B-City follows four crazy childhood friends who live in Baltimore City as they carry out their everyday lives and relationships through hysterical and sometimes complex situation. The guy version of the show Girlfriends , each character has their own unique personality that seems to get them in and out of predicaments. 
B-gata H-kei|2010|Stunning 15 years old Yamada enters the high school with an ambitious dream: to have one hundred sex friends! The problem is: she is a virgin, and she hasn't even has a boyfriend! When she meets the shy - and also virgin - Takashi Kosuda, she chooses him as her first "victim". But as the story progress, Yamada's plan isn't looking that it is going to reach any place ever, as she begins to have feelings for Kosuda. 
B. Boppin'|2008|Each episode, 5 different kids come to visit Buzz in his Honeycomb Hangout. When they arrive, Buzz asks them the question of the day and, with a correct answer, magic honey flakes fall from the sky and presto - the kids are no bigger than a wee bee and small enough to hang in the hive! Once inside, the kids learn about a variety of topics through discussion, participation, and dance-along songs. Kids love to spend their afternoons learning and laughing as they dance along to the sweet sound of Buzz and his hip house band, "The Nectars" (3 kids dressed in flower costumes playing a guitar, drums and keyboard) The kids ask Buzz for advice about all kinds of situations happening at home and school. Every episode features exterior segments where Buzz's friend, Field-Trip Freddie, a bold and adventurous explorer, navigates his spaceship to places relevant to the day's topic and reports back about the world outside the hive. B. Boppin' is a fresh mix of magic, music and educational content guaranteed to keep kids tuned in. B. Boppin' will raise children's awareness about the environment and their community as well as the importance of learning, caring and sharing, all the while keeping them active and entertained. 
B.A.D. Cats|1980|Ex-race car drivers Ocee and Nick are recruited by the LAPD for their B.A.D. C.A.T. squad: Burglary Auto Detail, Commercial Auto Thefts. Burning more rubber and breaking more rules than most of the criminals they chase, Ocee and Nick, along with their gorgeous partner Samantha and crusty boss Captain Nathan, do their best to keep the streets clear of car thieves. 
B.J. Fletcher: Private Eye|2008|In a roller-coaster ride of action, comedy and drama, the series follows our dynamic female duo as they grapple with everything from running surveillance to going undercover to foiling would-be saboteurs all with varying degrees of success. The strength of the series lies in the dynamics and growth of the ever-evolving relationship between Fletcher and George. Will they? Won't they? The chemistry between the two characters is undeniable and presents an intriguing and complex relationship as it unfolds over the course of the series. 
B.J. and the Bear|1978|B.J. McCay was a good-looking young trucker who traveled around the country in his big red & white rig, with a single companion - his pet chimp, Bear. B.J. was based in rural Georgia and was confronted by a succession of corrupt local sheriffs - Elroy P. Lobo (who was later given his own series, Lobo); Sgt. Wiley of Winslow County and his two fellow lawmen, Sheriffs Cain and Masters. The only honest cop B.J. seemed to encounter was the Fox, who spent much of her time trying to trap the crooked local cops. Tommy was a lady trucker friend and Bullets ran the local hangout, the Country Comfort Truck Stop.In 1981, B.J. settled down to run a trucking business in Los Angeles called Bear Enterprises. His new adversary was Rutherford T. Grant, a corrupt politician who headed the state Special Crimes Action Team. Grant was a silent partner in TransCal, the largest trucking firm in California and stopped at nothing to stomp out potential competition. Because of Grant's intervention, B.J. found it impossible to get regular truck drivers to work for him and had to settle for a crew of 7 young, beautiful lady truckers, including a pair of identical twins and Grant's daughter, Cindy. 
B.L. Stryker|1989|B.L. Stryker is a carefree private detective who lives on his boat docked in southern Florida. With the help of his friends and his annoying neighbor, he has to solve crimes afflicting the Sunshine State... 
B.O.G.E.|2009|Angela auditions for some Tomb Raider movie. God is in a crabby mood over Lucifer being a poser. Lucifer is a whiny bitch... just like any Hollywood actor. Angela gets into a fist fight with The Demon of Lint and Dust Bunnies. 
B.O.R.N. To Style|2014|"B.O.R.N. to Style" is a lifestyle makeover series centered on a "fierce" team from New York, and their larger than life boss, Jonathan Bodrick. Springing from the Harlem-based eclectic boutique, B.O.R.N. (borrowed, old, refurbished and new), the style superheroes land at the door of those desperately in need of some "color in their lives." By rifling through their client's belongings and asking blunt questions, the team at B.O.R.N. gets to the root of their fashion malaise, before whisking them away for a transformation that goes beyond just their look. In each episode, viewers will see them offer up their own brand of therapy and inspiration to clients as they transform them into their best possible selves. 
B4U Talk of the Town|2012|Talk of the Town covering all your events, fashion shows, exhibitions, film festivals, conferences and more. Talk of the Town USA is packed with entertainment, glamour, style in your city your town, your community. 
BAES Welcome|2017|BAES Welcome, a comedic single-cam web series, follows the lives of two struggling lesbian filmmakers, Mara and Mary. These two millennials juggle their dwindling careers and lack of romance, as they make their way through adulthood and overcome financial hardship. 
BANA: Heart of Darkness|2017|The Igigi, beings who claim to be benevolent aliens, are secretly aiding the governments of the world by providing technology, advice, and protection against the Anunnaki (extraterrestrials who would enslave and destroy humankind). However, not all is as it seems to be regarding the Igigi and the Anunnaki. The world would be lost if not for the Protectors, the true guardians of humanity. Meanwhile, a paramilitary organization known as The Soldiers of Light, seek to expose the Anunnaki to a world mostly unaware of their existence, and to build their forces to fight against them. One of the Anunnaki's chief assassins is a powerful being named Bana (the slayer). Bana is haunted by his past, a time when he was once joyful and at peace. Now he is consumed by anger and vice. His mission, to eliminate key individuals who in one way or another would interfere with the plans of the Anunnaki. The series chronicles Bana, his past and his journey, as he deals those who stand in his way. 
BAPs|2014|Lifetime's new docu-series "BAPs" pulls back the curtain on an exclusive, privileged and affluent group of African American friends from St. Louis who self-identify as "BAPs"-Black American Princesses and Princes. BAPs follows these lifelong friends who are edgy, educated and sophisticated, and believe being a BAP in today's world is a birthright. Each hour-long episode of "BAPs" delves into the lives and lifestyle of this well-heeled circle of friends. Dressed to the nines with egos to spare, there is no shortage of conflict, humor and heart among the group that includes Anisha, Kristen, Gina, Jason, Riccarda and Brandon. With a dynamic that can change from BFFs to frenemies at the drop of a hat, together they attend St. Louis' most exclusive social institutions and events... but no occasion is conflict-free. Competing to be the most successful and beautiful person in their circle is sure to bind and divide them, especially when Anisha's boyfriend, Kendrick, and his niece, Rai-Rai, represent everything a BAP is not. 
BB3B|2005|Mixed-race five-year-old twin siblings Lucy and Louie, have become convinced that the neighborhood babies are in-fact alien scouts, out to brainwash adults everywhere into being their slaves, with their new baby brother, Billy Bob paving the way for an intergalactic invasion. 
BBC 60 Second Shakespeare: The Taming of Kate|2006|The famous comedy by William Shakespeare, written in the 1500's, adapted for the BBC's 60 Second Shakespeare web series showcase in 2006. This episode of the series compresses the play into a few minutes, focusing on the courtship of Petruchio and Katherine, the headstrong shrew, and the passionate competition between herself and her sister Bianca. 
BBC Comedy Feeds|2012|Tim Renkow has cerebral palsy. Which means that people judge him... all the time. But usually they judge him wrongly. Because what they don't realise is that inside that severely disabled, fragile body is a bit of an asshole. Tim knows he makes people uncomfortable - he does it on purpose. He knows his cerebral palsy means he can get away with saying what others can't. But that's his problem: time spent taking aim at life's easier targets means Tim takes his eye of its bigger prizes: the job, the girl and the visa. Tim Renkow is a young American living in London. He also has cerebral palsy but uses it to tease and play pranks on people, knowing they will not object for fear of upsetting a disabled person. After a Skype from his fearsome mother he sets out for a job interview as a magazine illustrator. Unfortunately the interviewer is a woman he insulted earlier and his efforts to lie his way into the job come unstuck. 
BBC Inside Out (South West)|2010|The quiet village of St Ive was the birth place of a woman who went on to be a heroine in parts of the world, but forgotten in her own country. Emily Hobhouse was in her time one of the most controversial figures in the world, hailed as a second Joan of Arc or Florence Nightingale yet denounced as a traitor to her country. Kitchener was not a fan but Gandhi was a friend of Emily Hobhouse The life of Emily Hobhouse is explored as part of BBC Inside Out. 
BBC Inside Out North West|2002|Richard Askam asks what's gone wrong at Blackpool Football Club who've dropped from the Premier League to the base of League 1 amid allegations of mismanagement and fury from their fans. And on the 50th anniversary of the controversial opening of a new reservoir for Liverpool, Simon O'Brien visits Capel Celyn to find out about the Welsh village which was destroyed to supply his home city with water. 
BBC Inside Out Yorkshire and Lincolnshire|2007|Director Ken Loach and actor David Bradley remember the making of the classic British movie Kes 40 years after the film was shot on location in South Yorkshire. Bradley returns to ruined Tankersley Manor where, in the film, young Billy Casper steals a kestrel chick from a nest. Tony Earnshaw of the UK's National Media Museum (formerly the National Museum of Photography, Film & Television) places the film in context. 
BBC Inside Out: (West)|2002|Alastair McKee reports on the cost for our councils of dealing with village green planning applications. It's been five years since the Commons Act 2006 gave absolutely anyone the right to apply to register land used by locals for recreation as a protected Village Green. Residents and environmentalists say the act helped to tip the scales of power for a fairer planning process but small landowners and developers say the act is being used by small groups to prevent otherwise perfectly acceptable, widely supported and often much-needed developments from going ahead. Plus Scott Ellis reports on the cuts to housing benefits being introduced this year and what impact it will have on communities in the West of England. Critics of the policy argue it will further concentrate low income tenants into deprived areas. And David Braine asks if the Hinkley nuclear power station could withstand a tsunami on the Severn estuary. He discovers evidence that a major flooding event happened on the Somerset levels just over four hundred years ago. The operators at Hinkley insist the plant is built to cope with such an event. 
BBC Inside Out: London|2002|Matthew Wright brings viewers a closer look at surprising stories from the capital every week. 
BBC Janala Mojay Mojay Shekha|2010|A prime time light entertainment game show with comedy sketches for English language education. Hosted by Munmun, contestants take on challenges. Also, 'Kamal's World' with reluctant student Kamal and his English teacher Alex. In series 2 "Raisa in Bangladesh" features Farzana Dua Elahe and Suzana Ansar as they visit their family and business interests around Bangladesh. 
BBC London News|2001|Alex Bushill reads the local news for the London area. Jean MacKenzie reports on the fire due to gas leak in London's West End and the effects of this. Nick Beake reports on combating teenagers going over to join IS. Sarah Harris reports on 50 years of the London Ambulance Service. Alex Deakin presents the weather forecast. 
BBC Look North: Yorkshire and North Midlands|1968|Author Tony Earnshaw discusses his new book Made in Yorkshire, about a century of film making in the county, and reveals newly discovered amateur color footage of the filming of Billy Liar in Leeds in 1962. 
BBC Mountain Gorilla|2010|'Patrick Stewart (I)' (qv) narrates in three episodes the story of some of the groups of mountain gorillas, a very rare primate, in their central African jungle territories near the Great Lakes, and intensive research and conservation efforts facing human threats. Diet and behavior differs somewhat between the volcanic homeland in Rwanda and the jungle in Uganda, but family and social life is as complex and dramatic. 
BBC News 24|1997|Women in the US military make up 14.5% of active duty members, but it's hard for them to fit in with the rest of the troops. Sexual assault and sexual harassment from within the ranks is an ongoing problem for female service members, 15% of whom have suffered from military sexual trauma. 
BBC Newsline|1996|THE ROAD TO NEWSLINE: The coming of BBC TV to Northern Ireland was via a small transmitter in an old nissen hut which was installed so that good folk of Northern Ireland could watch the Coronation in 1953. The first regular news magazine for BBC viewers in Northern Ireland was 'Ulster Mirror' which started on 26th November 1954. It was a fortnightly programme of events filmed in Northern Ireland but rarely would have included what we would refer to as hard news. Although the material was filmed here BBC Northern Ireland had no processing facilities so the exposed film had to be carefully packed and transported to the BBC processors in London where it was also edited before being sent back to Ulster in a 'ready to show' state. It was not until 30th September 1957 that BBC Northern Ireland had its first local TV news when it's first presenter was Maurice Shillington. Even then there were still no facilities for film and the only illustration would have been an occasional black and white still photograph. The first news type magazine programme hit then quite small screens on 20th February 1959 when Robert Coulter introduced the very first edition of 'Studio Eight' the snappy title of a news programme direct from the BBC Studio 8 in Belfast. Studio 8 was a remarkably small studio but the hardware, particularly the cameras, in the late 50s were huge and production of programmes from such a small area became a triumph of ingenuity over adversity. Some four years later the Beatles broadcast from the same studio. Over the next few years the programme title changed, first to "Six O'Clock" then to "Six-Five" with Michael Baguely as presenter and then to "Six-Ten". Perhaps having a title that would attract people was not such a priority in the days when there was just the one channel to watch and, sure enough, everyone did watch. In 1969 the more sophisticated "Scene Around Six" came on air and remained with us for thirteen years. This programme made household names of people like Wendy Austin, Barry Cowan and Sean Rafferty and, in spite of great difficulties and danger to camera and crews, never failed to bring on the spot film reports from every corner of Northern Ireland during the worst of the troubles. Older viewers will remember the Scene Around Six presenter always handed over to 'Nationwide' in London for the national news programme. In 1982 a remodelled news magazine programme with a sharper news edge called 'Inside Ulster' was broadcast from Belfast's new 'state of the art' Studio B. This programme began to take advantage of the new breaks through in TV technology using techniques that would have seemed the wildest science fiction in the days of 'Studio Eight' BBC Newsline's first programme was on 12th February, 1996. 
BBC Newsnight|2017|Newsnight, aired 20th July 2017 on BBC2 featuring a special report by Richard Watson on new "face recognition" surveillance technology, aimed at recognizing and picking out potential high risk terror suspects from a crowd. Whilst the technology is ready for implementation, political approval is called for, keeping in mind public safety, currently at 'critical' verses civil liberties. 
BBC Nought|2010|It's down to the final three and Gregg and Michel set the chefs their toughest challenge yet - to cook their signature dish in the kitchen of Michel's newest restaurant, La Petite Mort. Who will be crowned the winner of MasterChef: The Profezzionals 2011? 
BBC Play of the Month|1965|Lucy Honeychurch, a young Englishwoman, makes her first visit to Florence, Italy in the early 1900's. There, she meets a quiet yet eccentric young man named George Emerson. Upon her return to England, Lucy must decide whether to follow through with her marriage to her stoic fiancÈe, Cecil, or follow her heart and her growing attraction to George. 
BBC Proms|2007|In the year of BAFTA's 60th anniversary, the BBC Concert Orchestra play extracts of music from some great British films of the last 60 years. The extracts are introduced by 'Richard E. Grant (I)' (qv) and 'Richard Attenborough' (qv). The program includes the first public performance of the ballet music from _The Red Shoes (1948)_ (qv) performed from the original scores complete with the Ondes Martenot. Performed in the presence of the widow and family of 'Brian Easdale' (qv), composer of the music for The Red Shoes and many other films. As each piece was played, film clips, stills, posters etc. were shown on screens at either side of the stage. 
BBC Scotland Investigates|2008|BBC Scotland investigates the multi-million pound world of the dog trade. A third of all dogs bought today are believed to have come from puppy farms. Using secret filming, reporter Sam Poling follows the supply chain, from the small-time illegal sellers to the profit-driven puppy farmers getting rich off this ruthless trade. She exposes Scotland's biggest dog trafficker and uncovers a breeding facility operating on a scale the experts didn't believe existed in the UK - until now. 
BBC Sunday-Night Play|1960|A dramatized account of a Victorian cause celebre, written by John Osborne and concerning the true story of the last person in England to be tried for blasphemy. Richard Burton plays John George Holyoake, a social reformer who goes on trial for speaking in public about his atheist views. Rachel Roberts plays his wife, and the programme is introduced by Face to Face inquisitor John Freeman. 
BBC Sunday-Night Theatre|1950|Before becoming one of America's greatest presidents, Abraham Lincoln had a long career as a businessman, lawyer, government official and elected representative for the state of Illinois. This film looks at the rise of this self-educated statesman, including his famous series of public debates with rival Stephen Douglas. A glimpse is also shown of some of the more personal aspects of his Lincoln's life, including the early romance and heartbreak he experienced with Ann Rutledge. 
BBC TV Cricket|1938|West Indies, the dominating cricket team of the 1980's took on the Rest of the World team which included players from England, Australia, India, Zimbabwe, South Africa, New Zealand and Pakistan. The match was a charity event for Bob Geldof's Sport Aid, to raise money for Africa. The match itself was rained off after the West Indies went to bat and started with a good run rate. In the end it was a no result. 
BBC World News|1997|A presenter on the Kremlin-sponsored TV channel Russia Today has used her show to condemn Russian military action in Crimea, Ukraine. Abby Martin, who presents a programme from America called Breaking The Set for Russia Today, told viewers she was "strongly against any state intervention in sovereign nations' affairs". 
BBC Young Dancer 2015|2015|BBC Young Dancer 2015 is a brand new award for young people that showcases the very best of young British dance talent. Young dancers enter in one of four categories of dance: ballet, contemporary, hip hop and South Asian dance. BBC Young Dancer 2015 culminates in a grand final at Sadler's Wells, when the best dancers in each category will dance against each other for the title. 
BBC2 Play of the Week|1977|Arthur Dodsworth has recently retired. He lives alone except for his budgie and memories of his late wife Winnie. One afternoon his nap is interrupted by the doorbell; his former secretary, Peggy Prothero, has come to visit. A brash, charmless woman who seems to take no pleasure in anything but putting people down, Miss Prothero wants to fill her old boss in on all the changes that have taken place at work since he left. Dodsworth isn't very curious, and as the visit wears on it puts a little strain on his politeness and patience. Miss Prothero doesn't enjoy it much either, but lingers on as there's a bombshell she wants to drop. The docketing system Dodsworth introduced thirty years earlier, which revolutionised the firm, has been scrapped by her adored new boss Mr Skinner. The crowning achievement of Dodsworth's career has just become obsolete, and she wants to tell him all about it. 
BBC2 Playhouse|1973|Peter boards a train to attend an important business meeting across Europe. His train trip is made more complicated by two women also assigned to his train compartment. One is an independent American whom Peter finds attractive. The other is Frau Messner - an extremely particular and demanding older European woman. Between the two of them, they try different aspects of Peter's patience... 
BBQ Crawl|2013|Season 2 follows Danielle's 8 week BBQ Crawl as she continues the journey around the American South's BBQ competition circuit, kicking off in Nashville Tennessee and ending up in Kansas City Missouri. Season 1 followed Danielle's 6 week BBQ Crawl through 12 US States, competing at 5 KCBS BBQ Competitions on the weekends and visiting 22 BBQ Joints in between. The crawl started at J Mueller BBQ in Austin, Texas and finished in Kansas City at the World Series of Barbecue, the American Royal BBQ Competition. For most of the competitions and BBQ Joints crawl she is joined by various friends, while the rest of her competitive BBQ team joins her in Kansas City for the Royal. 
BBQ Pit Wars|2014|This week at the Eastern Carolina BBQ Throwdown 50 teams will compete to take down the kings of BBQ: Moe Cason, Stump McDowell, Michael Character and the "winningest man in BBQ," Myron Mixon. Find out who will be crowned BBQ Pit Wars Grand Champion. 
BBQ Pitmasters|2009|This program is about America's top teams in competative BBQ. Teams from all over the U.S. try to become the Kingsford BBQ PITMASTERS GRAND CHAMPION. Professional judges like 3 time world BBQ champion Myron Mixon and Tuffy Stone, score the food prepared by the contestants on taste and tenderness. The best team advances to the next round to get one step closer in becoming the BBQ PITMASTERS GRAND CHAMPION and win $50.000 in prize money. 
BBQ with Franklin|2015|Do you ever wonder how true BBQ Pitmasters create their magic? Want to know the difference between the Flat and the Point on a beef brisket? Aaron Franklin, owner and Chief Firestarter of his namesake Franklin BBQ, and KLRU TV Austin have moved Aaron's YouTube show to PBS, where Aaron takes the average person through the elements of being a Pitmaster. From picking the right wood to trimming and seasoning the meat, Aaron gives the viewer insights to how they can always make their best barbecue (he even has an episode dedicated to the process of turning a abandoned 250-gallon propane tank into a "cooker"). As a great bonus, he takes us around Austin and select other locations in Texas to see how other people are using wood, smoke, and fire to make delicious food and great times. 
BCS Championship|2012|It is the rematch everybody has been talking about since Nov. 5 when LSU squeaked past Alabama 9-6 in OT. It is going to be one big SEC party down in New Orleans when the two best defensive teams in college football battle it out for the national title. 
BET News|1986|2008 will go down as a historic year for America. For African Americans in particular, it will be remembered as the year that Hope built. The architect: the son of a White woman from Kansas and a Black man from Kenya. Barack Obama rose from political obscurity to capture the imagination of a nation with a candidacy no-one saw coming. As he stands poised to become the first Black Man in the White House, BET NEWS asks the question on many lips: what will an Obama victory mean for us? Gathering a wide range of voices - from entertainers and ballers to political players - this one hour Special explores African American expectations of an Obama Presidency, his race, and the forces that have brought him to history's door. 
BET's Comicview|1992|It's a brand new spin on BET's popular showcase of comedy as big name comedians get their very own one-hour standup specials. Each week, a hefty helping of jokes and jabs will be served up by some of the hottest comics on the laughter circuit. 
BET: The Next|2003|Up-and-coming artists as well as old artists on the verge on a comeback display their new and/or perfected musical and vocal talents on their music videos. Hip-hop, jazz, R&B, reggae, neosoul, and other genres are portrayed. 
BF vs. BFF|2014|The Boyfriend vs. The Best Friend From the first time Lauren's new boyfriend and her long time best friend met, the gloves have come off. Drew and Kelly are forced to interact because of their respective relationships to Lauren...and they hate it. BF vs. BFF follows the journey of these two as they do their best to try and be civil for Lauren's sake. 
BFA the Series|2014|In BFA, four recent college graduates are trying to find their niche in the Baltimore theatre scene when peer and rival, Ryan Lerchman, returns home after his successful stint in "the biz." As Ryan tries to make himself at home in a place he is unwelcome, his new habits learned while on the road follow, shaking up the lives of his begrudging roommates and old friends. A web of romances, friendships, and business partnerships intertwine as these 20-something artists navigate through post-college life in Charm City. 
BFF: Best Friends Foundation|2015|Terry and Dave's first client of the day is Bill, a down-and-out struggling musician who desperately seeks to earn back his wife's affection. And late, the team meets up with Ms. Moore at her art studio, who ends up exposing more than just her eccentricities. 
BFFs|2017|In the spring of 1987, When 12 year olds Wren Starr and Celeste Michaels meet and become best friends after her mothers incarceration causes her to move in with her Uncle Nick. Celeste is dealing with issues of her own as she is watching her mom Miriam slowly die from cancer, spending almost a year become closer than either girl has ever been to anyone. Things change for the worst for them after they are kidnapped and held captive for three days after sneaking out to go trick or treating, Their escape isn't the most interesting part of their story, it's everything that happens next. How do you go back to normal when you discover that monsters are real and they can be anyone? 
BHL: Throw the Sticks, Let's Go!|2017|BHL (Brampton Hockey League) has been a casual fun Sunday of hockey for friends all over Brampton and the GTA. The Hughes brothers, Allan and Erik, who started the league over 25 years ago, have decided to hold 3 tournaments in their next winter season. Follow the lives of the people who make up this backyard hockey league - from English Professors, to night janitors, girlfriends and wives to audio technicians. Share in the heart break, thrill, and emotions of what makes Canada such a great country. Share in the passion these Canadians bring to the hockey courts. 
BIT Parts|2012|Agents Zero and One question a soldier who has witnessed the horrors of war. 
BKB Unfiltered|2014|BKB Unfiltered is a documentary series that examines the lives of its boxing competitors. In this edition of BKB 3, Shane Mosley Jr. faces Boston's own Jason Kelly, and BKB veteran Julian Pollard competes for the heavyweight title against newcomer Rodney Hernandez. 
BKPI|2017|Ruthless, relentless and uncertified, three working class women of color -- a Korean American home health aide, an African American MTA worker, and an Arab American owner of a bodega -- form a private investigation firm and solve crimes for their immigrant neighbors in Brooklyn, New York. 
BMW:Activate the Future|2011|"Wherever You Want To Go" - From the minds of some of the most influential scientists, academics, pioneers, and entrepreneurs of our time, this four-part documentary paints a unique picture of technology, culture, cities, our past, present and how it all relates to the future of mobility. "Wherever You Want To Go" is not meant to provide definitive answers, but rather, to ask the right questions from the right people in an attempt to generate discussion, provoke thought and stir the imagination. 
BMX Supercross World Cup Series 2013|2013|The first round of 2013 UCI BMX Supercross World Cup took place in Manchester at the National Indoor BMX Arena. As usual the competition consisted of a time-trail on the first day followed by heats and finals on the second day. Shanaze Reade and Liam Phillips of Great Britain won the time-trial prizes and went on to win the finals. 
BNow!|2015|Executive Producer and 48FILM Founder, Francesco Vitali gives us an exclusive overview about the super-successful 48FILM festival and shares his creative vision at the Directors Guild of America Theatre. A top tip, Prince Mario-Max Schaumburg-Lipp 
BONDAGE|2017|This story follows Maurice Bond, a former male prostitute who battles sex addiction. After leaving that lifestyle, he decides that it is time for him to better his life and move forward; however, after he receives the news that his mother has been diagnosed with cancer and has no insurance to pay for treatments, Bond decides to return to his former lifestyle as he struggles to find a balance between his old life and his new one. 
BP Underground|2017|The Underground subcultures in Budapest are an integral part of the diverse and colorful Hungarian culture. The creators of the film - Esther Turan and Anna Koltay - wanted to explore what were the major youth music subcultures in the '90s and 2000s in Budapest. This film is a tribute to the underground subcultures of the city. In these series of films, these grass-roots groups deal with the social impact of their community building power and the role played by Budapest itself in the formation of these groups. The film explores the kind of atmosphere and unwritten rules, what were the dominant places, external signs, and symbols, or who were the central figures and what were the memorable stories. The film guides the viewer from the best bands to the message, from the typical attire to the cult bars. The new generation is a starting point, a complex retrospective of where it originated and why the colorful underground cultural life still characterizes Budapest today. 
BPM Spotlight|2007|HI-BIAS Records presents the first-ever original album featuring Canada's top dance and electronica artists and producers. Entitled Canada's Finest House, this collection of hand-picked songs consists of never-before released brand new material, produced and created exclusively for this limited CD release. We sat down and got the artists on the CD and talk about Canada's Finest House... The artist's on the 'Canada's Finest House CD are: Deadmau5, M1, Joey Seminara & Danny Nagels vs. MC Flipside, Joey Seminara & Danny Nagels vs. MC Flipside Hatiras Nick Fiorucci feat. Kelly Malbasa Marco G & DJ Kal Joee Cons MV vs. Nick Fiorucci feat. Carlo Coppola Jayforce & Joey Seminara Preach v Addy Yug 
BPM: Beats Per Mnet|2011|An entertainment company called Bang Zoom! does some fantastic work as a voice-over studio, and we look into their space. We also talk about livening up a space with wall accents, and we welcome Kollaboration guests Roy Choi, Christine Kim, and Rina Lee. 
BROOD|2017|'RobËrt van Beckhoven' (qv) travels through Europe in search of stories, secrets and backgrounds about bread. RobËrt meets fellow bakers and investigates the role of bread in different cultures. He examines the ingredients, the creative process and the many different forms of daily bread. 
BTS: A Web Series|2010|A new web series, which goes behind the scenes of the making of the documentary 'Rising From Ashes'. The Zacuto production team follow Director T.C. Johnstone, Producer Greg Kwedar and their entire film crew during the last 18-days of filming 'Rising From Ashes: a film about Rwanda's first national cycling team'. 
BYRDwatch|2011|As a break from pursuing the Rogue BYRD, the violent female vigilante murdering seedy men in Downtown Hell 'A', BYRDwatch Bureau of Investigation Agent Doug Turgidi takes his rookie partner Ted 'Al' Bundy to one of his favorite diners for a late night meal. Enter the Stray Cat Cafe. There Turgidi introduces Bundy to his after dark realm of intel gathering, comprised of the regulars and waitresses who populate the Stray Cat Cafe. But suddenly there's a new waitress serving Turgidi a B B & B- his favorite Stray Cat entree. Will he make her one of his loyal subjects or will Turgidi have to settle for his own burger with special sauce? 
BYUtv Sports|2005|Central Washington is an NCAA Division II institution and a member of the Great Northwest Athletic Conference. The Wildcats - who were 18-7 last season and advanced to the NCAA Division II Tournament - will be playing their second exhibition of the preseason after opening with a 77-48 loss at Washington. Chris Sprinker is Central Washington's top returning scorer from last season when he averaged 7.6 points and 3.6 rebounds per game. He is joined by Jon Clift - the lone returning starter for the Wildcats - who averaged 5.3 points while shooting .452 from downtown in 2008-09. The Cougars opened their exhibition season with a 74-56 win against Trinity Western on Nov. 3. Junior guard Jimmer Fredette led BYU with a game-high 24 points on 9-of-14 shooting while adding six rebounds, four assists and four steals. Senior forward Jonathan Tavernari added 18 points and a team-high eight boards. 
Baa Baa Black Sheep|1976|Pappy Boyington is the squadron-leader of a group of fighter pilots stationed on an island in the Pacific, during World War II. Pappy often needs to intercede in altercations at the base, but everyone seems to pull together when they are assigned missions in the air. 
Baadasss TV|1994|Badass TV was a late night cult British television show, aimed squarely at fans of Eurotrash. Ice-T and Andrea Oliver presented a contemporary look at blacksploitation in modern entertainment mediums - Movies, music, and television. Badass TV was part satire and part social commentary, with Ice-T dressed head to toe as a stereotypical cartoon pimp, playing mischief-maker against Oliver's more contained persona. A short lived show, airing for only four episodes. 
Baaghe Mozaffar|2006|Hilarious comedy highlighting, most amongst other issues, the class difference in parts of Iran, especially Tehran. The son of an old-fashioned 'Khan' falls in love with the daughter of the 'common' owner of the company he works for. They marry and the families meet with funny consequences. Side issues include the blatant advertising of products on the show, constant talk of how to save gas and oil, the speed of the pickpocket slave Heyfe Noon, the bickering between the narrator and Kamran, Mansoor's loss of memory, and the intense love/hate relationship between the two sister-in-laws. 
Baaghi|2017|Fauzia Batool (Saba Qamar) is a beautiful young girl who lives in a village along with her parents (Irfan Khoosat and Saba Faisal), a younger brother, a younger sister, an older brother Rahim and Rahim's wife Asma. Fauzia's older sister Nazia is married. Fauzia is the apple of her father's eye; Fauzia's mother also loves her, however, she tries to discipline Fauzia as Fauzia is an outspoken and rebellious girl. 
Baahubali: The Lost Legends|2017|Baahubali: The Lost Legends is based on India's biggest blockbuster film franchise. The animated series is set before the Kalakeya invasion depicted in the movie, when Baahubali and Bhallaladeva are still both young princes of Mahishmati. Two brothers competing to rule the greatest kingdom of its age and the epic adventures they must endure to prove they are worthy to one day wear the crown. Under the watchful eye of Sivagami, and the warrior, Katappa, one shall rise to be King of the throne, while the other shall become King of the people. The animated series will feature new, never before revealed stories about the characters from the film including Prince Baahubali, Bhallaladeva, Kattapa and Sivagami as well as dozens of new characters that will expand the world of Baahubali and reveal hidden secrets for millions of fans. 
Baantjer|1995|In this Dutch police detective series, Detective Jurriaan 'Jurre' de Cock is sort of the 'Columbo' of a Dutch police city's police department, as deceptively poor in appearance (cheap raincoat) but always able to outsmart the crooks, usually a murderer per episode. He does however have a competent team, especially his young, promising right-hand Detective Dick Vledder and the more modest, often separately standard-researching Detective Albert 'Appie' Keizer, while Chief Corneel Buitendam is not too helpful; another regular is forensic examiner Dr. Ennaeus den Koninghe. 
Baat Hamari Pakki hai|2010|Set in the backdrop of small hill station - Mount Abu in Rajasthan, Baat Hamaari Pakkki Hai is the story of Sachi, an orphan who lives with her Mama and Mami and Shravan, a businessman's youngest son. Sachi is obedient and family oriented girl. She is extremely talented and believe that whatever her elders decide is for her best. After being rejected by many boys and their families, Sachi's marriage has become the only agenda in her Mami's life. Each time a prospective groom arrives, Sachi is displayed and goes through the humiliation of being displayed and rejection time and again, till one day Shravan walks into her life to fills it with joy. Sachi's rishta is fixed with Shravan but this joy also proves to be short-lived as Sachi realizes that Shravan loves someone else. What does destiny hold for Sachi and Shravan? 
Bab Al Khalk|2012|Mahfouz Zalata returns back to Egypt after disappearing for 25 years ... his return makes the police and national security forces concerned due to his alleged connections with many infamous terrorists. His return also attracts media as he's always in the wrong place at the wrong time. Zalata's return has a great impact over the lives of his family residing in the working class neighborhood of Bab El Khalk where he changes from a regular citizen to a national hero and the secrets surrounding him unveils one at a time. Mahfouz Zalata returns back to Egypt after disappearing for 25 years - his return makes the police and national security forces concerned due to his alleged connections with many infamous terrorists. His return also attracts media as he's always in the wrong place at the wrong time. Zalata's return has a great impact over the lives of his family residing in the working class neighborhood of Bab El Khalk where he changes from a regular citizen to a national hero and the secrets surrounding him unveils one at a time. 
Babam ve Ailesi|2016|Story of a man who has two families in two Turkish cities. Kemal has twins with his love from young days in Adana, and son and daughter in Istanbul. He is a successful business man who once had to listen his parents and change his life and love. Years later, his families interfere... 
Babangon ako't dudurugin kita|2008|Salve is a sweet girl, the kind who would wait hand and foot on her husband. But she lacks the qualities Alfred is looking for in a wife. He wants a woman who can be his business partner, who can help him meet his goals, provide support and whom he can show off proudly to his friends and business associates. Alfred meets such a woman in Via, who becomes his business partner and later his lover. Together, they plot to eliminate Salve. Rod, a rich man, who takes pity on the likes of Salve because he was once a victim of injustice, promises to help her get her hands on Alfred and Via. Together, Salve and Rod plot their moves too. 
Babar and the Adventures of Badou|2010|Everyone's favorite old tree - Bob - is damaged in a storm and slated to get cut down. Badou and his friends try to rush back to the Palace to get an order to stop the chop but are delayed at every turn by others in need of help after the storm. 
Babar|1989|Times are hard for Babar when Lord Rataxes stops all pomegranate shipments from reaching Celesteville. However, when Babar finds a pet warthog in the jungle, Rataxes suddenly says he?s willing to negotiate. What Babar doesn?t realize is the warthog belongs to Lady Rataxes, and Rataxes has to grab it back before she or Babar discover that he lost it on purpose. 
Babel nisei|1992|Life seems simple for Koichi, a young student, until he learns that he is the reincarnation of an alien protector who crashed onto the mantle of responsibility as"defender of the Earth", Koichi/Babel teams up with trio of super-powered alien companions to battle the the dark forces of an evil cult leader. The war to save humanity takes Babel from the deserts of southern Asia to the upper east side of Manhattan and ultimately to a final showdown with "the master" in a hidden base nestled in the Swiss Alps. The action is fast-paced and deadly. The fate of the world rests in the ability of this courageous youth to tame his latent psychic power and use it to defeat the enemies of mankind. 
Babels hus|1981|Primus Svensson is reaping blackcurrants when he suffers a heart attack and is taken to a large hospital nearby, Enskede hospital. Waking up after surgery he meets the medical student Martina Bosson and Hardy the librarian. Martina help him make a telephone call to his son and Hardy promises the help him with the plants in Primus' allotment. 
Babes|1990|The series follows babes a trio of plump siblings who had other things on their mind besides their weight: like work, relationships, popularity, and starting a family. The ladies also shared a small one-bedroom apartment in New York City, which added to the comic friction. The Gilbert sisters include Darlene (Susan Peretz), the eldest, who was a dog groomer and recently divorced (her husband had an affair with their weight-loss counselor); Charlene (Wendie Jo Sperber), the middle sister, who was a makeup artist for a commercial photographer and was the most active one out of the three; and Marlene (Lesley Boone), the youngest sister, a former toll collector (and later an actress in a pantyhose commercial and a soap opera), who was seen as a dreamer with a naive, yet trusting, personality. Also in the cast was Charlene's boyfriend, Ronnie Underwood (Rick Overton), a restaurant owner. He disappeared at mid-season, as a result putting all three sisters on the dating market. At that time, the girls' landlady, Florence Newman (Nedra Volz), became a regular. Three very different sisters share a small apartment in fast paced Manhattan, where middle sibling Charlene is upbeat with Ronnie as a boyfriend. Dog groomer Darlene is more cynical while the youngest Marlene is too innocent for the big city. 
BabilÙnia|2015|Beatriz (GlÛria Pires) is a wealthy woman who seems to have everything she needs, but follows a path without rules and a relentless hunger for power. InÍs (Adriana Esteves), with a character just as questionable as Beatriz, cultivates a mixture of envy and fascination for the former friend since her adolescence. Her hatred and lust for revenge are motivated by the certainty that her rival is guilty of her father's death, with whom Beatriz had an affair in the past. On the other hand, the humble and dreamer Regina (Camila Pitanga) is the heroine of the plot. She struggles to achieve her goals, such as finding out who murdered her father, without resorting to sabotaging anyone's plans. 
Baburugamu kuraishisu|1987|This eight-part OVA (Original Video Animation, or made-for-video) series is set in the giant megalopolis of MegaTokyo in the year 2033. The story chronicles the battles of four women in power armor against an evil mega-corporation called GENOM. BGC is one of the most popular series among fans of Japanese animation ("anime"), as well as fans of the cyberpunk genre. 
Baburugamu kurasshu!|1991|Several years after the end of Bubblegum Crisis, things have calmed down, or so it seems. Sylia's disappeared, Priss has stumbled from one manager to another, Nene's still working with the AD Police and trying to keep the Knight Saber ideal alive, and Linna has moved into the Stock market and is doing quite well. Things are quiet, until a group of mercenaries calling themselves the Illegal Army begins to attack high tech companies, stealing rare parts. Sylia returns with new hardware to reform the Knight Sabers, but will they be able to take on the Illegal Army, and whoever is behind them? 
Baby Animals in the Wild|2015|Our day is taking us on to the vast African Savanna. With its endless grass plains, leafy acacias and tropical climate its one of the richest environments on Earth, supporting millions of animals. Among them we see featured baby elephants, lion cubs, and wildebeest calves. 
Baby Animals|2015|Despite being born with survival instincts, some baby animals need extra help to thrive in their environment. Watch as hamadryas baboons, gentoo penguins, emperor tamarins, and capybaras all work as a family to help raise the next generation. 
Baby Blues|2000|A married couple living in a quiet neighborhood with not-so-quiet neighbors discover the joys and the pains (but mostly the pains) of raising a new-born girl in a not-so-perfect world. Darryl, the father, juggles family life with and a job that pays a modest salary while his wife, Wanda, stays at home and cares for their daughter Zoe, with help from their babysitter Bizzy who needs a turn-stile for the number of boys that she dates. Things aren't better when you're neighbors with the Bittermans, a family composed of a militant father named Carl who's always teaching his loud, obnoxious children, Rodney, Megan and Shelby, survival skills while his wife, Melinda, who seems to have an existential outlook on life. Case in point: it's "Rugrats" for the parents who were forced to watch it with their giddy kids. 
Baby Boom|1988|Yet another movie-turned-TV series that flopped was this comedy based on the 1987 Diane Keaton film of the same name. J.C. was the picture of Yuppiedom, a stylish, single, Harvard-educated lawyer aggressively pushing her way up the executive ladder at a large corporation. Dates called her "The Tiger Lady". Then on her doorstep appeared baby Elizabeth, left to her by a recently deceased English relative. J.C.'s high-powered career was thrown into turmoil. She tried hard to juggle the demands of instant motherhood and career, but never could seem to decide which life she wanted. Seemingly oblivious to her plight were Mr.Curtis, her demanding boss; secretary Charlotte; fellow lawyer Arlene; and officious young assistant Ken, who was constantly angling for her job. Helga was the fearsome nanny who took care of Elizabeth while J.C. played office politics. 
Baby Daddy|2012|Ben becomes a surprise dad to a baby girl when she's left on his doorstep by an ex-girlfriend. Ben decides to raise the baby with the help of his mother, his brother Danny, his friend Tucker and Riley the girl who is harboring a secret crush on him. Ben, a bartender and lady's man, becomes an unexpected parent when one of his old girlfriends leaves a baby girl on his doorstep. With some help from his mom and roommates he might just learn what it means to be a parent, but not before he gets himself into some trouble. A year after hooking up with a girl, Ben Wheeler, finds out he's a dad. The baby is dropped off at his doorstep and Ben must now seek help from his brother Danny, his mom Bonnie, his best friend Tucker and his childhood friend Riley. Baby Emma helps Ben become a mature young man and father. Meanwhile feelings are being developed and some have long been there and a love triangle is created, who ends up with who? 
Baby First Club|2014|Baby First Club boasts a knowledge of young children's developmental needs. Babies and parents alike will enjoy the bold, playful colors and animated sequences, as well as the original songs that help little ones learn important vocabulary words. From animals to shapes, from letters to numbers, Baby First Club prepares babies and toddlers for the world of learning. 
Baby Hospital|2011|It's every parent's worst nightmare: a birth that goes wrong or a baby born early. This three-part series looks at the one in ten cases where things don't go to plan and a baby is left teetering between life and death. The intensive care unit at Liverpool Women's Hospital cares for 1,000 sick and premature babies a year and while the majority of babies survive, there are also many stories of tragic and heart-wrenching loss. 
Baby Jake|2011|Baby Jake is in the orchard on this windy adventure; leaves are swirling around him. As one leaf swirls and then falls to the ground, it lands on its stalk. The leaf is standing on one leg! Baby Jake also stands on one leg and it looks like he is in a ballet position! When the leaf leaps into the air, Baby Jake does so too and before long he is leaping like a ballet dancer! Suddenly, the wind blows a sock past Baby Jake. Baby Jake and Nibbles the Rabbit dance along, following the sock, until they reach a washing line of clothes all dancing as they dry in the orchard breeze! The sock joins all the other socks for a ballet performance! Baby Jake has an idea! Raising his hands just like a musical conductor, ballet music plays and Baby Jake, together with Nibbles and the clothes, perform a funny ballet dance together! 
Baby Looney Tunes|2002|"Baby Elmer Fudd makes his series episode debut as Bugs' first real nemesis. With Floyd's adult assistance, Baby Bugs and the Baby Looney Tunes learn an effective way to deal with a bully. Everyone's excited about a grand bicycle outing through the park--everyon e except Tweety, whose little legs don't quite reach the pedals. Frustrated after riding on the back of Floyd's bicycle while every one else has fun, Tweety is ready to go home. That's when Taz opts to build a special bike just for Tweety, cannibalizing the parts of everyone else's bikes. Tweety, discovers he loves bicycling more than anyone. The Baby Looney Tunes ride along after the rolli ng Tweety on a reconstructed bicycle built for six." 
Baby Making Time|2017|A comedic webseries that follows the struggles of a couple trying to get pregnant at all costs. Sex has stopped being fun and has turned into an emergency routine whenever the ovulation monitor beeps. Endless numbers of fertility books, DVDs, sex-toys, websites, specialists and unsolicited advice have been no help at all. Baby Making Time will focus on the hilarious and real challenges many couples identify with in their absurd voyage of attempting to conceive. 
Baby Talk|1991|Nick Miller, Mickey's father, drops by the apartment to see Mickey. Maggie and James pretend to be a couple to make situations easier. However, the visitor turns out to be Nick Miller Sr., Mickey's grandfather, who invites them all to dinner. When Maggie is about to reveal that she and James are not really a couple, Nick Sr. reveals that his son still thinks Maggie is not over him. This causes Maggie to continue to act as his girlfriend. When the dinner is over, both James and Maggie have a hard time deciding when is the right time to stop acting as a couple and return to being just friends. Things get carried away when they share a kiss. Maggie starts to fear getting hurt in relationships again, and ask James to leave. James eventually tells Maggie that he really is crazy about her, but this only leads Maggie to more fear. After James has a talk with Warren, James decides to go back to Maggie to try again. Still afraid, Maggie eventually gives in and gives her and James a chance. Across the hall, Anita is spying on them until Maggie pulls James back into her apartment. She says "YES!" with a big grin! 
Baby u|2011|BabyU is learning 101 for your little one. Everyone's favorite BabyFirst characters have come together to help introduce basic building blocks for babies and toddlers. Each short episode features a different lesson and rhyme focused on one specific aspect of Math, Vocabulary or Art and Music. 
Baby... I'm Back!|1977|Seven years after Ray Ellis abandoned his wife Olivia and two children, he is declared officially dead. That's when Ray reenters their life, only to find that Olivia is engaged to marry uptight Army colonel Dickey. Interested in reopening their old relationship, Ray moves next door to Olivia and their kids, hoping to assure them that he has changed his irresponsible ways, much to Dickey's chagrin. 
Babye tsarstvo|2012|Oksana is a sleek young woman, a head of advertising agency. She is not married, and most of her time is spent at work, and to top it off she is in a relationship with a married man Ivan. He, too, is a head of an equally large advertising agency. Oksana is making a winning proposal for an advertising campaign of an English brand, and therefore is considering moving to London. She finds out that her 16-years old sister Allochka waits for a child after a chance meeting and she's too far along to have an abortion. Something has to be done to conceal Alla's pregnancy from her strict father. Allochka offers Oksana... to become kid's mother instead of her! Oksana faces a tough choice: her favorite job or sister's reputation. What will Oksana do? 
Babyfather|2001|Four black men living in London experience the impact of infidelity and unplanned pregnancies in their lives in different ways. Gus is a successful manager of his family's jeweler and is seeing a black single mother but is tempted by a light skin dancing teacher. Linvall is a photographer who is seeing the white daughter of a washed up rock star while helping out his friend with her son. Beres is happily married with a young daughter, but the cracks begin to show. Johnny meanwhile has a wife and a daughter, but has another girlfriend - both are pregnant. The fallout and the secrets in each man's life gradually come to the boil. 
Babylon 5|1994|In the year 2258, it is ten years after the Earth-Minbari War. Commander Sinclair takes command of a giant five-mile-long cylindrical space station, orbiting a planet in neutral space. At a crossroads of interstellar commerce and diplomacy, Cmdr Sinclair (2d season Captain Sheridan) must try to establish peace and prosperity between various interstellar empires, all the while fighting forces from within the Earth Alliance. It is a precarious command, particularly given that sabotage led to the destruction of Babylon stations 1, 2, and 3 and 4 vanished without trace. 
Babylon Berlin|2017|A metropolis in turmoil. From economy to culture, politics to the underworld - everything is in the grip of radical change. Speculation and inflation are already tearing away at the foundations of the still young Weimar Republic. Growing poverty and unemployment stand in stark contrast to the excesses and indulgence of the city's night life and its overflowing creative energy. Gereon Rath, a young police inspector from Cologne, is transferred to Berlin in order to solve a criminal case - a porno ring run by the Berlin Mafia. What at first glance appears to be simply a matter of extortion soon reveals itself to be a scandal that will forever change the lives of both Gereon and his closest associates. Together with stenotypist Charlotte Ritter and his partner Bruno Wolter, Rath is confronted with a tangled web of corruption, drug dealing, and weapons trafficking, forcing him into an existential conflict as he is torn between loyalty and uncovering the truth. And we are left wondering: in this story, who is friend and who is foe? With the political unrest spurred by May Day demonstrations and rising National Socialism, even an institution like the "Rote Burg," Berlin's police headquarters and the center of democracy and the constitutional state, is increasingly becoming the melting pot of a democracy whose days are numbered. 
Babylon|2014|American PR consultant Liz Garvey is hired by Metropolitan chief constable Richard Miller to help the police force improve its image. At the same time documentary film maker Matt Coward is shadowing Territorial Support Group officers Davina, Robbie and Clarkey as they arrive at a not very well-organized Kurdish protest march where Robbie has to remember he is being filmed and tone down the abuse. Elsewhere Officer Warwick accidentally apprehends an innocent mother whom he has erroneously suspected of being a drug addict. Liz's introductory speech is interrupted by news that a sniper is randomly shooting people around the capital and her disgruntled assistant Finn, annoyed at being passed over for promotion, deliberately makes her look stupid at a press conference by withholding information - as a result of which he is almost sacked. Liz discovers that the sniper is an embittered divorcee who is posting messages on Twitter, from which she locates where he is hiding. The TSG dump Matt to join the stake-out team, who defy Miller by raiding the house, Warwick taking out the sniper. However the success of the exercise is due more to luck than design, a fact about which Liz and Miller decide to keep quiet. 
Babysitter|2010|The story occurred in Shanghai while successful apply the Expo and everyone prepared for the World Expo. Fengshou Niu, a educated youth from Heilongjiang Provice, followed her husband Maolin Jiang, a educated youth from Shanghai, back to Shanghai to start a new life. Northeast daughter-in-low met Shanghai mother-in-law, Fengshou Niu was strongly opposed, moreover, she failed several jobs in Shanghai, her husband has a childhood sweetheart "sister" waiting for the "brother". There was a contradiction between these several decades couple. She accidentally has a baby sitter job for her boss who is very disgusted to her, but she found bigger problems. 
Baccano!|2007|In the year 1711, a group of alchemists are granted an elixir of immortality, with the stipulation that they must kill each other until there can be only one. The now-immortal group unanimously decides it wasn't worth it and destroy the elixir; but one of them, Slizard Quates, starts to kill off his fellow immortals. To reduce the risk of Quates tracking them all down, the group separates and goes their separate ways. Neither of them crosses paths again till 1930, Manhattan, when Quates manages to create a new elixir of immortality. However, he loses it and it ends up going around town, taken to be a bottle of alcohol and unknowingly drunk by many residents. The drinkers of this new elixir include Isaac and Miria, an eccentric pair of thieves; the Gandor brothers, a Mafia family; and their associates in the Camorra, the Martillos (who employ some of the original immortals). Now, not only are a new group of immortals created, but the simmering criminal underworld is about to explode. 
Bachelor Father|1957|Never-married attorney Bentley Gregg took on the task (with help from his "houseboy", Peter) of raising his young niece Kelly, after her parents died in an accident. The job was easier when Kelly was a little girl, but now she's in her teens, and beginning to date and venture into the adult world, while Bentley continues to juggle his career, looking after Kelly, and his own romantic life. 
Bachelor Pad|2010|Some of the most memorable and crazy men and women from The Bachelor and The Bachelorette return in the Bachelor Pad to try and win the end prize of $100,00. All that stands in their way are the challenges and each other. Hosted by Chris Harrison. 
Bachelor in Paradise|2014|The cliffhanger at the end of the previous episode's shocking rose ceremony continues. Plus, in an unexpected twist, one bachelorette is rushed to the hospital in an ambulance after falling ill and, unfortunately for two bachelors, they are unlucky in love and must leave paradise forever. 
Baciamo le mani: Palermo-New York 1958|2013|Ida discovers that her husband is a penny of the mafioso Don Cesare Romeo who is arrested by Commissioner Bellomo and convinces Ida to testify and to protect her together with her son Salvatore sends it to Genoa. On the train Don Cesare sends Don Saro to put a bomb. While Salvatore goes to the bathroom, the bomb explodes, but Ida and Savior remain ill, but all believe them dead. Ida spits for death and changes identity while son Tuccio. Then Gabriella (Ida) marries Pasquale Vitaliano. 
Back Home|2013|From Producer Diego Luna, a new documentary series sending influential Hispanic Americans to their parent's native countries to better connect with their heritage. This chapter follows actress and singer/songwriter Allison Strong. 
Back Stabber|2016|Back Stabber (2015; Television Series) Set in modern day Altoona, Pennsylvania. It is the beginning of September in a small uppity town with white picket fences on every corner. Quiet and sleepy, the small town will be rocked with scandal, mischief and life-changing moments as they become victims to the chaos that will descend upon them. Back Stabber follows the tangled and twisted tale of a group of high school students. Families will be destroyed, friends will become enemies and hearts will be broken. With twists and turns around every corner, Back Stabber will leave you frantic, on the edge of your seat and wondering what life really means.You better buckle up fast, because you're in for the ride of your life. 
Back at the Barnyard|2007|Otis becomes afraid when he receives a letter from his childhood bully saying that he's coming to visit the barnyard, so his friends try to help him defend his fear of the bully. / Otis loses the saloon to Chubs Malone, head of the gopher underground, in a game of Fizzbin. Now, the gophers dominate the barn at night. 
Back from the Dead|2011|In Warrior Graveyard: Samurai Back From the Dead, the discovery of a mass grave on the outskirts of Tokyo, could hold the secrets to the bloody birth of the most feared and revered warriors of all time: the Samurai. The chilling burial ground dates back to 1333. The fallen were the victims of a bloody conflict that engulfed the region, the people of Kamakura incurring the wrath of the Emperor of Japan. Forced to fight to protect their liberty, the scene was set for a series of battles: fights that escalated in violence and ended with a bloodbath on the beach at Kamakura. 
Back in Time for Dinner|2015|Back In Time For Dinner, one British family embark on an extraordinary time traveling adventure to discover how a post war revolution in the food we eat has transformed the way we live. Starting in 1950 and guided by real records of what ordinary families ate for breakfast, lunch and dinner, they'll go from meager rations to ready meals and delivery pizza in just six weeks. 
Back in the Day|2006|Al Harring was fat, slow and didn't stand a chance at pro sports - but he loved to play anyway. He decided to play football and since he was tall he would be on the field to block kicks. Inspired by a sudden grownth spurt and watching a local superstar Stephon Marbury play - Al was determined to be the best... Within three years Al Harrington became the number one basketball player in the country and was drafted 25th in the 1996 NBA Draft by the Indiana Pacers. 
Back in the Game|2013|Centers on Terry Gannon, a recently divorced single mother who temporarily moves in with her estranged father, a beer-swilling former baseball player. She reluctantly starts coaching her son's underdog youth baseball team and is drawn back into the world of sports she vowed to leave behind. 
Back of the Y Masterpiece Television|2008|Danny Parker hosts the show from a secret location deep in the heart of Auckland's beautiful Onehunga. The show consists of a series of shows with in the show. Like Randy Cambell New Zealand's greatest daredevil stuntman who each week attempts a stunt so stupid he'll be lucky if he doesn't lose an eye. Other characters include Ray Smoodiver Porn Detective, The Cunstables and The crew onboard the Bottlestore Galactica. Danny Parker is also an interviewer. These interviews always end in bloody fights. 
Back on Topps|2008|This comedic, fictional journey, goes behind-the-scenes into one of the world's most recognizable sports companies. When The Topps Company falls into new ownership, sport-loving twin brothers and heirs to the Topps fortune, Leyland and Leif Topps, must navigate the murky corporate waters of their new work environment and prove to their new boss they are valuable to the sports card world. In doing so, they might just land Back on Topps. 
Back on the Market|2016|Recently single after being married for (what seems like) forever, and WOW has the dating world changed. Our makeover candidates are "back on the market" hitting the dating scene, and need major help becoming "marketable" again to prospective "buyers" (AKA: soulmates). With the help of 4 sexy pros in Fashion, Design, Culinary Arts and Makeup, our "fixer uppers" learn to navigate the online dating game, reinvent themselves and (hopefully) find true love, once and for all. 
Back to Basic|2017|When a member of the military sustains life-changing injuries and a medical retirement is forced upon us, we have often wondered do I still have it? Do I still have what it takes to be a soldier, regardless of the injuries I have sustained? This is where "Back to Basic" comes in. "Back to Basic" answers the same question that men and women have tried to answer years after their glory days have passed. Can I get back some part of my youth through sheer force of will? If any group of people can, it's former members of the military. "Back to Basic" takes ten groups of three former military members with medical discharges for injuries sustained during combat and starts them at "Day Zero" of basic training and follows them all the way through as they are forced to reintegrate back into the military family. There are multiple ways to make it through this competition. If all three members of the group make it through together, then the prize money is multiplied by three. If only two members make it through, then it's only two times the prize money, etc. During each assessment phase of basic training (There are three phases: Red, White, and Blue). If one member doesn't qualify during one of the multitudes of tests or phases and are recycled back to an earlier class. Then the whole group has a choice to make. Be recycled back with their partner or go forward without them. The former service members get the chance to keep the teams they were initially assigned, trade team members or go at it alone. Only one group of former service members or individual can win. As in war, there is no second place. 
Back to Sherwood|1999|Robyn Hood is an ordinary teen in the present time, but her life takes a bizarre turn when she is strangely called to a magic talisman. When she dons it, she is thrown back to the time of the legendary outlaw hero, Robin Hood. Although she does return, she learns from her grandfather that she is the direct descendent of the outlaw. But now she learns that her family's line is threatened with non-existence when she learns that the foul sorceress, Brenan, has trapped Robin Hood and Maid Marian in another dimension and stolen a number of his magic talismans that will given by the king. Now she finds herself charged with the duty to periodically return to that time to oppose Brenan and the Sheriff of Nottingham's plans with the children of the original Merry Men and the sympathetic William, son of Sir Guy of Gisbourne, as her allies. 
Back to You|2007|After a glorious career all the way to L.A., a scandal forces Chuck to resume his co-anchorman job in a Pittsburgh TV station. This starts a bizarre social dynamic with his colleagues, especially his ex Kelly, whose daughter turns out to be his too. The others admire Chuck, but have their own problems, from eager beaver Gary, who gets all the rotten jobs plus bad luck, over the bird-brain weather woman and over-confident old sports reporter to young and insecure manager Ryan. 
Back to Young|2013|Three estranged childhood friends, Kev, Tom and Looks are given the opportunity to reunite after 10 years, when Tom wins tickets to see their all-time heroes Black Wolf in concert. With only 48 hours to get there and back, and facing challenges at every turn, they are forced to rediscover the friendship they once had. 
Back to the Future|1991|An animated series based on the movie of the same name. Marty, Doc Brown, Jules and Verne travel through time in the Doctor's modified DeLorean, bouncing from one era to the next where a different adventure awaits them each time. Between shows there are live-action segments featuring Christopher Lloyd as Doc Brown with Bill Nye the Science Guy. 
Back to the Streets|2012|Hosts assume the role of secret agents, going undercover on the streets of KL looking for recipes. They interact with stall operators and cooks, trying to get them to share their secrets. Zher and Malcolm, armed with his clipboard, rush back to the Kitchen. With the assistance of Zher and his students, will Chef Malcolm, who is trained in French cuisine, be able to replicate the tried and tested recipes? 
Back|2017|The family gathers for the reading of Laurie's will, where Stephen, still the reluctant owner of Maureen the dog, is horrified to learn that Andrew has been left a 5% share of the pub, as well as joining Ellen in being baptized by scary vicar Julian. Stephen decides to promote a caravan park, which Andrew - predictably - hi-jacks, turning it into a festival site with people using Stephen's caravan as a toilet. Furthermore Stephen's ex-wife, lawyer Alison, and her new lover Tom use the caravan in which to have sex. 
Backchat|1994|Backchat was the FX original hosted by Jeff Probst, in which Probst answered questions about the network, the shows that ran on the network, the other original shows on the network, and other hosts on the network. It was a half hour show with viewer mail, via U.S. Mail and e-mail, and there were phone calls where people asked questions. They had the letter of the day segment, and in the later episodes, they had postcards sent in from viewers. 
Backcountry Boot Camp|2007|Twelve young adults, ages 20-30, experience the adventure of a lifetime while traversing 150 miles in the remote Rocky Mountain wilderness. With 60- to 80-pound backpacks, only the clothes on their backs, no bathrooms, no toilet paper, no shower and mere rations to survive on, they endure 35 days of this hard-core challenge. Tune in as we follow their every waking moment, experiencing their struggles and personal triumphs as these 12 adventurers confront the most extreme forces of nature. Taking place in the Wind River mountain range of western Wyoming, this season will include mountaineering, multi-pitch rock climbing, peak ascents, dangerous river crossings, Tyrolean traverses, glissading, ice and glacier climbing, hypothermia training and fly fishing 
Backfired|2015|Welcome to the tale of Charlie, a man so un-stimulated by his job that he takes it upon himself to enliven the office around him. Carol, his unfortunately-named male coworker, tries to undermine his efforts at first but slowly warms up to Charlie. Together, they navigate a workplace filled with lunatics, egomaniacs, an ever-changing array of interns, and Todd. 
Backlit|2014|In this parody, Anthony is a struggling male actor who is down on his luck in Hollywood. He's inspired by his friend to start going to auditions in drag thinking that he can make it as a female actor in the industry. Anthony quickly learns about the sexism within the industry as his new appeal lands him more than just the gig. 
Backpackers|2013|In an attempt to get over a serious case of cold feet, Backpackers finds recently engaged Ryan (Noah Reid, Titanic) and Beth (Meghan Heffern, Almost Heroes) embarking on separate European adventures leading up to their wedding. While traveling they are free to act single, adopting the mantra "what happens in Europe, stays in Europe." But hours into Ryan's adventure with his party animal and womanizing best friend Brandon (Dillon Casey, Nikita), he realizes he's made a huge mistake and sets off in search of her. The only problem is he has no idea where she could be - they never exchanged itineraries. This marks the start of a wild adventure that takes the duo to the Amalfi coast, Rome, Berlin, Prague and Paris as they search for Beth, try to avoid an annoying Aussie, dodge a homicidal maniac and fit in a little action on the way. 
Backroad Gold|2013|follows antique car expert Corky Coker, and his team, on a freewheeling road trip through the back roads and small towns of the Deep South. A man on a mission, Coker is on the hunt for barn finds - automotive diamonds-in-the-rough that have been hidden away or just forgotten for years. When he's on target, Coker is wheeling, dealing, shucking and jiving, all to get the best price on the right car to restore and resell at his shop, Honest Charley Garage. When he's distracted, Coker hits the scenic routes, roadside attractions and down-home restaurants - all the things that make for the kind of journey most of us no longer have time to take. 
Backroads with Ron and Raven|1996|Backroads with Ron and Raven celebrates the outdoor life-style with an emphasis on unique characters. The show is a hallmark of Ron Schara Productions, driven by Emmy-award winning writing and storytelling. Backroads originally started as an ESPN favorite in the 90's with host Ron Schara and his sidekick lab, Raven. They toured the country sharing stories from well-known and unknown outdoor enthusiasts alike. Today Ron continues to share these outdoor passions and pursuits through Fox Sports Network (North and Wisconsin) on a weekly basis. Join Ron and his black lab Raven as they head to the back roads. 
Backstage Beauties: Sizzle Reel|2016|Outrageous characters with big personalities clash off-stage and in the dressing room while giving it their all each night at Darcelle XV, one of the hippest and longest running gay burlesque clubs in Portland, Oregon. Portland has a rich drag and performance art culture that encompasses everything from traditional female impersonation to new-school drag to queer burlesque. Since 1967, the female impersonators of Darcelle XV and company have been performing a Las Vegas-style cabaret full of sequins and sophistication. She may be in her 80s, but Darcelle XV still knows how to put on a show, and the locals consider it a Portland institution not to be missed. 
Backstage Diaries|2015|You know their music and you rock out at their shows, but have you ever wondered what inspired their hit song or what happens on their tour bus? This raw, up-close series gives you a window into the rock star world, straight from the artist themselves. 
Backstage with Barry Nolan|2004|Host Barry Nolan, and contributing reporter and senior producer Sara Edwards, take viewers inside the velvet rope with access to the four corners of the entertainment world. Whether it's movies, music, television or fashion, Nolan and Edwards share stories with a unique attitude and irreverence. After all, it's only entertainment. 
Backstage|2016|The show is about to begin but Vanessa and Alya are not ready. Miles talks to Julie about his situation with Alya and she listens to their conversation. Alya decides to go on tour with "The BhoËme" casts members. And at last the Cinderella's choreography doesn't end as expected. 
Backstage: Lakers|2012|The first episode of the new season go behind-the-scenes as the Lakers prepare for the draft, gives exclusive access to Julius Randle's workout in Los Angeles and spends time with Mitch Kupchak and his staff as they make the decisions that will shape the roster. 
Backstairs at the White House|1979|No fewer than eight Presidential administrations--from Taft through Eisenhower--are examined through the eyes of the White House staff--maids, assistants, servants, doormen and other "menial" workers. The main character is Lillian Rogers Parks, a maid at the White House for three decades and the author of the non-fiction book upon which this miniseries is based. 
Backstory|2000|As seen on AMC, "Backstory" is a series that takes a provocative and in-depth look at the making of popular motion pictures. Stars, directors, producers and other Hollywood players provide revealing inside "backstories" about the events that affected each production - and their lives. Using exclusive film footage, rare archival still photos and insightful interviews, these programs uncover everything from fascinating behind-the-scenes intrigue to cutthroat studio politics. 
Backstrom|2015|Arson investigator Samantha Orland calls upon the Special Crimes Unit for help with a case that gets escalated to attempted murder when a serial arsonist's most recent fire involves a family. Although all evidence points to a local fire artist, Backstrom is positive their arsonist is someone they least suspect. The investigation takes a turn when the team discovers evidence missing from the crime scene and Backstrom suspects someone insides the investigation. Meanwhile, Backstrom gets tormented by childhood neighbors who stole something very special from him when he was younger and Valentine helps Niedermayer recover stolen evidence. 
Backup|1995|The lives and action packed adventures of the nine men and women aboard a police Operational Support Unit (OSU) van that is responsible for going anywhere and doing anything in support of operations carried out by other branches of the West Midlands Police. 
Backwoods Bard|2014|A young poet/yogi, Kaelan Enright, travels to the Rocky Mountains to perform in a touring production of Romeo and Juliet - and must learn to not only survive his challenging surroundings - but to believe in himself, and his dreams, and to grow as a person. 
Backyard Games: Powered by Husqvarna|2011|Backyard Games is an exciting reality competition series pitting real guys against one another in tests of backyard skill. Each episode of Backyard Games will be comprised of three exciting rounds. Round 1: The Speed Round Round 1 kicks off with a fast challenge, one designed to draw you in with action and maybe even some destruction. Round 2: The Finesse Round Now that we've grabbed the audience, Round 2 is a more contemplative challenge, one that will involve craft and finesse. At the end of Round 2 you'll find yourself respecting the power tool chops of the contestants. Round 3: The Backyard Gauntlet Round 3 is the main attraction, an obstacle course race that will involve three challenges that build to a big finish. Each leg of the race feeds into the next challenge. The pace is frantic, the activities are challenging and contestants must always be keeping an eye out for where their opponent is in the race. The winner is decided on who wins the overall race, so Round 3 is worth the most points and will crown our ultimate champion. 
Backyard Oil|2013|With a wildcat drill up for lease on Amish land, Rascal finds kinship in his bearded Amish buddy, but will an oil strike lead him astray? Jimmy and his right-hand man Mad Dog plan to drill a Kentucky Fried vision that could prove totally water-logged. 
Bad Advice from My Brother|2013|Follows the adventures of two brothers: Jason, the older, not necessarily wiser brother who has spent most of his post-college life chasing women and the almighty dollar on Wall Street, and Ben, his younger brother who wants to follow in his footsteps. When Ben moves in, Jason sees this as an opportunity to reflect on his mistakes and steer Ben onto an opposite path. Unfortunately for Ben, Jason's advice is usually bad and creates more problems than solutions. 
Bad Ass Baby Yuri|2012|Bad Ass Baby Yuri is a web series from a baby's perspective. Ever wonder what goes on in their precious little heads before they are able to actually speak and tell you? From a comedic standpoint-likely all the foul mouthed and inappropriate things you'll hear here. 
Bad Audition|2013|Join actress Elizabeth Park (Kate Orlando) on her journey towards stardom while persevering in the sprawling city of Los Angeles. Along the way Elizabeth meets Sam Hubbard (Matt Shepherd), a handsome physics teacher, who is unfamiliar with the entertainment industry. Watch Elizabeth hilariously encounter overacting-actors, clichÈd scripts, and self obsessed directors in her search for stardom one bad audition at a time. 
Bad Blood|2015|The Medinas were living the American dream until the family hero, Carlos, was brutally slain. His brother Jerry is convinced another brother is responsible. But his nephew Ramon believes what's really tearing the family apart are Jerry's accusations. 
Bad Boys|1995|Wayne Todd is fresh out of Wandsworth prison and decides to run a pub in Glasgow with his old cell mate Fraser Hood. However, investigations are already under way, as Fraser's nightclub has been destroyed by an explosion, and he soon finds himself caught up in the violent gangland of Glasgow. 
Bad Bridesmaid|2014|Brides-to-be go on a Hen's weekend with their bridesmaids when one of them is secretly an actor set to make havoc. If the bride-to-be manages to convince her friends that the bridesmaid is who she says she is and passes tests that the bad bridesmaid throws at them the bride-to-be will win a dream honeymoon while each of the bridesmaids will get a spa weekend each. 
Bad Camera|2011|Marsha's camera came to life, don't ask her how, and he has a lot of bad habits. She'll just have to teach him some manners. Follow camera's point of view, as he causes mayhem and complicates Marsha's single life, playing in the trash, refusing to do tricks or play, and even starts humping everything that moves, including Marsha's car. Bad camera! Bad, bad camera! 
Bad Cop, Bad Cop|2002|A comedy about the working lives of plainclothes detectives Red Lilywhite and Lou Knutt who work in an outer suburban police station in Sydney. Keeping the peace on the streets and always a piece of the action for themselves, Red and Lou are completely uninterested in actually solving crimes. Their relationships with criminals and other members of the general public serve only to benefit themselves. In the face of new style policing, internal affairs enquiries and corruption commissions, they are the fat blue line. 
Bad Creepypasta|2013|This transformative review series follows the adventures of Jacob Sherwood, Matt Dixon and Toby Mitchell through Creepypasta, a collection of notoriously bad online horror stories. With the help of Gemma, the fans and often Nelson Mandela, they endeavour to showcase every terrible horror story as the poorly written mess it usually is 
Bad Dog!|2010|Owners wonder about their dog's intelligence, a balloon-popping bulldog thinks everything belongs to her, a cat steals from everyone in its neighborhood, a dog ransacks a kitchen and eats candy, a squirrel moves in and makes friends with a dog. 
Bad Dog|2018|David "Lucky" Lycan is experiencing Murphy's Law in overdrive - his university grades are in a downward spiral, his girlfriend has left him, and to top it all off, he's just found out he has cancer - but discovering that the experimental treatment he's been signed up for has turned him into a werewolf, things start to get a bit hairy. 
Bad Drone Show|2015|B.D. always means well but trouble just seems to follow BD and Arnold around on a daily basis ! BD communicates via his camera and through WI-FI. He transmits Audio and video, everything B.D. sees and hears, his point-of-view to any computer, cell phone tablet of his choosing. Now attributed to the unconventional way that B.D. was conceived, mainly Arnolds misappropriation of household family items like his sister Roxy's old cellphone, Mom's old laptop etc., B.D. at times has some uncontrollable moments that spoof some of the greatest non sentients ever to grace the screen. Take R2D2 for example, yep BD has a projector too except at the worse possible moment he's uncontrollably projecting Roxy's selfies of her itsy bitsy lingerie performance (which must have been stored on her old iPhone and embedded in BD's circuits) on the wall of Arnolds school classroom! B.D.'s seemingly endless life source came from a burst of plasma when he was targeted flying over a secret high tech facility, Crump Industries. Evil Melon Crump dispatched his drone CYCOPS to do the dirty work. Battery drained he crashes into a nearby power line where he received an additional dose of high voltage and a lightning strike! Voila Bad Drone is alive! Continually evolving by the millisecond you never know what to expect in terms of his abilities, his powers, his emotions!! 
Bad Education|2012|Miss Gulliver is holding her book group in the library after school. The group includes her ex-boyfriend Orlando, a doctor, of whom Alfie is very jealous so, not to be outdone, he gets the class to help make it look as if he has read the study book. 'Love in the Time of Cholera'. At the same time Mitchell, who is leaving, is throwing a party in the gym and Fraser is holding a fantasy convention in the hall. Alfie is expected to attend both, latterly in costume, leading to much confusion as Mitchell's interpretation of the book makes Alfie look stupid though at least he gets to save Fraser from being attacked by Orcs and bids farewell to Mitchell - with unfortunate consequences when a policeman arrives to complain about the noise. 
Bad Game Sunday!|2015|Sam KIA is a gamer, a series of events including fighting in two wars against demons, facing off against multiple enemies who attempt to kill him in his journey he soon realizes he must play a line of terrible videogames in order to save the world from it's ultimate demise. 
Bad Girl's Ball|2010|A web series starring Christina Calph that can be described as a sexy, mischievous version of the Carol Burnett Show mixed with a dash of PeeWee's Playhouse. Vignette themes ranging from Political Humor, Dance Choreography, Sex & On the street Pranks. Most videos are revolved around Christina Calph, however some include various "Bad Girls" to help execute the various vignettes. Sexy Feminism at it's best! 
Bad Girls All Star Battle|2013|Feelings of distrust arise amongst the Bad Girls after Natalie and Mehgan's blowup at the last elimination. Each team's strategy is put to the test when they must navigate through a maze while handcuffed and blindfolded for the main challenge. 
Bad Girls Club|2006|It's a new season of "The Bad Girls Club", and seven new bad girls (Tanisha, Darlen, Hanna, Jennavecia, Neveen, Lyric, and Cordelia) come to the house. It's not long until true feelings come out in the house. Tension starts to unfold when all the girls except Tanisha and Hanna go out to a club. Cordelia fells like a fifth wheel, and Darlen snaps at her, and also calls out Tanisha. Cordelia leaves the club, goes back to the house, and tells Tanisha everything, including what Darlen said. When Darlen returns, Tanisha explodes at Darlen. 
Bad Girls|1999|A thoroughly thought-provoking drama series based on the events in a womens prison. Bad Girls captures the highs and lows in the prison, and questions which side of the bar really is the most intense- its a world where the 'screws' versus the 'cons,' a world where anything and everything can happen, a world where the women really are vulnerable at the hands of the screws... Hard-hitting, original and controversial, Bad Girls depicts the trials and triumphs of prison inmates and officers in a notorious women's prison. It's a tense and sexually charged atmosphere and it's a hidden world where anything can happen. 
Bad Hombres|2018|As eager, motivated people and organizations migrated to the new western frontier to seek their fortunes. There were other vicious and ruthless people looking to take it all away from them and at a blink of an eye, will kill anyone. Where there's money, there's evil. Law and order was a big task in those wide, open, desolate plains and mountains, especially when out numbered by killers. 
Bad Ink|2013|Dirk and Rob come to the rescue of a model who made a rash decision after having a fight with her grandmother--she went to her local parlor and got a "Suck it Grandma" tattoo. And Dirk's fellow artist Jonny gives a satisfied customer a tattoo of a horned woman with spikes and blood. 
Bad Judge|2014|While helping her friend Michelle (guest star Angela Kinsey) get through a divorce, Rebecca (Kate Walsh) is scared off by Gary's (Ryan Hansen) commitment-themed romantic night. Tedward (Tone Bell) helps Hernandez (Miguel Sandoval) through a fashion crisis, and Rebecca tries the case of a deaf man who steals shoes. 
Bad Love|2007|Na In Jung struggles with her love between the rather cold and rebellious Yong Ki and a successful businessman, Soo Hwan. Kang Yong Ki is a pop culture artist. He was separated from his first love, Jo Ann, and still carries the wound that he suffered from their relationship. His half sister is Joo Ran who is married to Soo Hwan. Soo Hwan begins an affair with In Jung but he only has ambition for the CEO position of Yong Ki's father's company. Soon after he discovers that his ambition does not fill the emptiness that he has inside and realizes he needs In Jung. But In Jung and Yong Ki have already fallen in love with each other. Will In Jung go back to her first love or stay with Yong Ki? 
Bad Mother|2017|Parenting has become a profession - a profession whose bar has been set so high no-one can realistically expect to meet it. And yet, as mothers, we try. And we fail. Or at least we feel as though we fail. Welcome to the madness of modern motherhood . 
Bad Move|2017|With their efforts at self-sufficiency a failure and Nicky being used as a free taxi by old Alice she and Steve regret more than ever their move to the country but there are compensations when Matt slices his thumb off, Ken brings them his meat raffle prize and Nicky realizes a trip to Leeds with Alice could give her and Steve a day out to the city. 
Bad Reputation|2017|In high school, you figure out quickly whether you're on the popular or loser side. It was obvious for Amber that she was the loser trying to get cute boys and obtain Scott's attention. As cliche fate would have it, Amber is left home alone for the weekend and convinced by her only friend lulu that throwing a party is the only way she might possibly get the chance to build up the courage to talk to scott. Of course absolutely nothing goes right in this coming of age, John Hughes-esque comedy. 
Bad Sex|2011|In the series premiere, sex specialist Chris Donaghue treats Ryan whose every waking moment is controlled by his addiction to sex. From sex with strangers to seducing straight men, Ryan is putting his life in danger. Treatment with Chris may be Ryan's last chance to get his addiction under control before it's too late. 
Bad Sides|2010|BAD SIDES is a new mockumentary comedy series from creators Nathan Adloff, Danny Rhodes and Justin D.M. Palmer, starring Adloff, Rhodes, and Sadieh Rifai. The story centers around Marcuss (Rhodes), a spoiled trust fund wannabe amateur filmmaker and Marcuss's adoring sycophant friend Allison (Rifai) during their ongoing quest to cast his film. Dissatisfied with the available talent pool in Chicago, their new intern Nick (Adloff) quickly discovers that the problem might have less to do with the talent of the actors, and more to do with the crazy people running the auditions. Shot on location in Chicago, with a story that takes place in Chicago, starring Chicago's very best talent, each episode of Bad Sides features a cameo guest star spot that serves as the thematic focus of that week's episode. 
Bad Teacher|2014|Meredith's (Ari Graynor) moral compass is tested when she's forced to choose between a ski weekend with her rich friends and the school's field trip to the state capitol. Principal Carl's (David Alan Grier) knack for meeting single women impresses Joel (Ryan Hansen). 
Bad Unboxing|2014|Ian Carter, AKA Idubbbz, is a man who has brought much controversy and hate, however this series shows the true love his fans hold for him. We watch Ian go from a mentally stable young man, to a maddened psychopath that holds sexual objects in the numbers of thousands. 
Bad Universe|2010|The Cretaceous-Paleogene (K-Pg) extinction event, a.k.a. The Fifth Extinction, wiped out about three-quarters of the plant and animal species on Earth 66 million years ago. Can we expect The Sixth Extinction to wipe humans out? If so, when? 
Bad Zoo|????|A group of highly intelligent, well trained, but heavily drug addicted circus animals are rescued by a well meaning circus worker, who is trying to save them from being put down. Abandoned by the bankrupt circus owners, the animals are whisked away to Grandpa's farm, where they must kick their drug habits and learn to be regular zoo animals. With help from a plethora of circus freaks and performers, a junkie sidekick zoo trainer, and the animal loving farm girl next door, our hero must take a drug smuggling python, a weed smoking, Dorito eating chimp, and Meth addicted orangutan, a trio or cursing parrots, a sexually charged ape, a well endowed Clydesdale, a constantly farting pig, two gender confused bears, a racist elephant, and a plethora of other twisted animals and turn them into a wholesome family zoo. 
Bad/Asss|2016|Two Undercover Detectives are searching for one man, Detectives Josh and Cris find the most bizarre clues which lead them closer to the enemy, but during the investigation Cris and Josh get too close and are forbidden to continue this case, but Josh and Cris don't listen and continue till they crack the case. What they don't know is that the enemy is closer than they think. What will Josh and Cris endure and what are they willing to go through to crack this case and find the person behind everything. 
Badalte Rishte|1996|Badalte Rishte is a story of changing fortunes. How dramatically and with what consequences the changes are brought about in the human psyche, personality, behaviour and relationships. Badalte Rishte strongly underscores the point that people can change their destiny, if they have the will. It portrays people's convictions, beliefs and faiths on the one hand and on the other, the inherent contradictions in human situations which make or mar a man's world. This drama series begins with Anand Narayan Verma, a retired bank official and a man known for his honesty, integrity and adherence to Gandhian principles, about to board a night train to his native village where he intends spending his life in retirement. But destiny wills it otherwise and the CBI sleuths make a sudden appearance to detain him to inquire about a dubious bank transaction in which Verma's estranged son, Ajay is involved. From here, the story takes intriguing twists and turns. Badalte Rishte is a search, a quest at different levels, for different values of life: for wealth, power, dignity and peace. And the passion with which men and women work towards their destiny. 
Badass Biker Rallies|2013|At the granddaddy of all biker rallies, the local sheriff's department contends with everything from drug traffickers to giant snapping turtles, while bikers indulge in beer belly contests, mobile saloons, extreme carnival sideshows and firing ranges. 
Badassery|2011|Operative 69 is secret agent of a government organization where he takes on the most dangerous missions. Following the orders from his superior Lincoln, Operative 69 always takes the hard route in his missions rather than the easy route. Such as jumping out of a plane without a parachute and performing head-shots to his enemies at the same time. 
Baddiel & Skinner Unplanned|2000|Topics Discussed: Frank farting. Stalker. Dave's cat Zelda and her fleas. Dinner at PizzaExpress Frank dropping items from his pocket on the floor, one of them being an anal suppositories. One Night stands Trivial Pursuit and Dave & Frank fighting Ricky Martin Song: J-taime 
Bade Achhe Lagte Hain|2011|The Story focuses on how misunderstandings destiny contrives to get Ram and Priya married and after the marriage Ram and Priya slowly start developing feelings for each other. Both go for a honeymoon to Australia. Finally they both fall in love with each other, They spend moments with each other facing with excitements, happiness and daily life problem. Slowly love blossoms between the two and they consume their marriage. Life moves ahead and both of them cannot live without each other but destiny creates problems between the two and both are separated. Story moves ahead and the show takes a 5 years leap. Ram is in Mumbai and Priya has moved to Dubai and has a daughter Peehu. And Everyone feels that Priya is died. But Priya somehow reaches Mumbai and Ram is shocked to see her lady love alive and asks for custody of her daughter as she has kept unknown for 5 years with Ram. 
Badehotellet|2013|Badehotellet is the story about the guests and staff at a beach hotel by the North Sea sand dunes. At the heart of the story is the lives of three young people, the chambermaid Fie, the merchant's daughter Amanda, and the local fisherman Morten. Their fates are intertwined, and their stories are about emancipating themselves from the plans other people have made on their behalf, the attempts on social ascent, and about losing and finding oneself on the way. The series is inspired by the way of life at the many seaside hotels of the past, and reflects our own time with its mixture of financial crisis, denial, and dreams of happiness. The story takes place in the years 1928-33 where the world is falling apart. The characters will go through tears and laughter in the captivating journey that takes place as times change from optimism to crisis. It's a multi-plot-series that dynamically shifts between upstairs and downstairs, and between seriousness and humour. 
Badger|1999|Animal-loving detective Tom McCabe ('Jerome Flynn' (qv)) is one of very few wildlife protection officers assigned to work for the Northumberland City police with his reluctant, sometime partner Jim Cassidy ('Adrian Bower' (qv)). In this mainly rural county Tom and Jim investigate wildlife related crime in close association with RSPB officer Claire Armitage ('Rebecca Lacey (I)' (qv)) much to the chagrin of her husband, Tom's superior David Armitage ('Kevin Doyle (I)' (qv)) who believes more than a professional relationship exists between them. Whilst Tom likes Claire he attention is currently focused on veterinary surgeon Steph ('Phillippa Wilson' (qv)), a single-mum who runs the local wildlife sanctuary. However, Tom's life is about to be radically altered by the arrival of his previously unknown daughter Wilf ('Alison Mac' (qv)). 
Badlands, Texas|2015|The small town of Terlingua, Texas is a little known oasis on the Rio Grande River where eccentric residents trade modern comforts for a unique brand of freedom. But the price of their freedom proves high when a brutal crime threatens to tear their town apart. This true-crime docu-series delves into the eccentric world of Terlingua as its citizens struggle to reconcile the killing of a dear friend and fight to hold the town together as it grapples with change. 
Badults|2013|Matthew is dreading his work's annual charity fun run, where he usually finishes last and where his competitive colleague Lucy has been backed to win by boss Carabine. Once the fastest five year old in Britain but forced to quit when his failure to win caused his parents' divorce Tom comes out of retirement to coach Matthew though attempts to sabotage Lucy fail and Carabine's insistence that Matthew wears a heavy chicken outfit also seem to scupper his chances of winning. Ben meanwhile has become a vegetarian but is weakening and seeing a life size chicken gets his gastric juices going and he gives chase, hopefully all the way to the winning line ahead of Lucy. 
Baek-seol-gong-joo|2004|Ma Young-hee has been secretly in love with her best friend, Han Jin-woo, for 8 years. Jin-woo, naively recognizing Young-hee as only a friend, asked Young-hee to let his runaway brother, Sun-woo, to sojourn in her apartment. As the two lived together, Sun-woo discovers Young-hee's unrequited love for his older brother, and saw the absurdity of how Jin-woo is unable to realize it and how futile are Young-hee's attempts to confess; Sun-woo pitied her and then gradually fell in love. But Young-hee still has feelings for Jin-woo despite him being beguiled by Young-hee's devious former classmate Jang Hee-won. Eventually Young-hee is left with the dilemma of choosing between the two brothers. 
Bag of Bones|2011|Bestselling novelist Mike Noonan, unable to cope after his wife's sudden death, returns to the couple's lakeside retreat in Maine, where he becomes involved in a custody battle between a young widow and her child's enormously wealthy grandfather. Mike inexplicably receives mysterious ghostly visitations, escalating nightmares and the realization that his late wife still has something to tell him. The bestseller writer Mike Noonan is autographing his new release in a bookstore and his beloved wife, the painter Jo Noonan, goes to a store on the other side of the street to buy a pregnant test. When she is crossing the street back to the bookstore, a bus run over her and she does not survive. Mike grieves the loss of his wife and decides to go to the house by the Dark Score Lake, in Maine, that he had inherited from his grandfather and Jo had spent a long time repairing it. Mike starts to drink and suspects that Jo might have betrayed him since his sperm counting indicates that he is sterile. In the isolated house, Mike has nightmares and believes that Jo is trying to contact him. He also has daydreams and ghostly visions with the jazz singer Sara Tidwell in a local fair in 1939. Mike stumbles in the town with Mattie and her daughter Kyra Devore and he discovers that the powerful and mean Max Devore is disputing the custody of his granddaughter Kyra with Mattie. Further he discovers that there is a curse in Dark Score Lake due a despicable action of Max in 1939. Mike decides to help Mattie against Max and to investigate further the mysterious curse. 
Bag pigtrÂd|2012|Benthe Asmussen, Lis Bomhoff, Else Marie Pade, Karen Ruge, and Dorthe R¯ssell were caught by the Gestapo during the Occupation. In this third and last episode in the series, they tell about the arrests, the interrogations, and the Fr¯slev Prison Camp. More than 700 women and 5,000 men were interned at this strange concentration camp in the last years of the German Occupation. Some found love - others were sent to German concentration camps. 
Baggage Battles|2012|Ottawa is Canada's capital city and politics is the name of the game here. Just like its neighbors to the south in Washington D.C., Ottawa is a city filled with scandals, cover-ups and secrets. Where there is big money, there is big business, and for Mark, Billy and Valerie: big deals. 
Baggage on the Road|2015|'Jerry Springer (I)' (qv) hosts this comedic dating show where a contestant has to choose from 3 partners, each with their own strange emotional "baggage." In each round, the potential partners are required to reveal various secrets and flaws until only one wins a date with the contestant, assuming the winner can accept the contestant's own baggage. 
Baggage|2010|"Baggage" is a dating game show with a difference. In order to advance in the game, you must show your potential match every embarrassing piece of Baggage about yourself. In the first round, three women enter with three suitcases each; small, medium, and large. They can alternatively be three men with a woman as the main contestant. The main contestant brings with them a huge red bag containing a shocking piece of Baggage that is revealed at the end of the night. The three women open their smallest piece of Baggage, which is normally an annoying habit, something they did as a child, or another comical secret. The main contestant gives their views on each of the cases, and then is presented with three medium ones. These contain more embarrassing secrets, and each belongs to one of the three women, but it not revealed who until the main contestant decides which case they will eliminate from the game. The women then claim their baggage, and the one who owns the eliminated case exits the game. The remaining two face off by opening their biggest suitcases, which hold their deepest and darkest secret, and the main contestant must choose which secret he finds less shocking. The owner of the worse case is forced to leave. The winning woman is given three choices of what is inside the red bag, and professes which they would react to the most. The big red bag belonging to the main contestant is opened, and the chosen woman must choose whether she can live with the secret. If she cannot, the main contestant is told "that they have too much baggage" and must leave. 
Bagged|2015|Brad, a typical frat guy and lovers of all things athletic, brings 3 unknowing girls to an indoor soccer arena. After teaching them a thing or two about his favorite sports, he puts each of them in giant bubbles to play, where they literally have to pounce on and bounce on their competition to impress him the most. 
Baggy Pants & the Nitwits|1977|Baggy Pants was a cartoon cat based on Charlie Chaplin. He featured in the Baggy Pants section of the cartoon, naturally, and didn't talk. The Nitwits, in a separate section, were based on characters from Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In. The voices were supplied by Laugh-In regulars Ruth Buzzi and Arte Johnson. 
Baghdad|2017|A crew of searching and struggling blue-collar men look for redemption and profit as American contractors in war-torn Iraq. What they find in Baghdad will turn out to be the most dangerous, bonding, emotional, shocking and ultimately transformative time of their lives. 
Bagpuss|1974|A melancholic children's animation from the 'Smallfilms' team of Postgate and Firmin. Bagpuss and his friends are toys in a turn of the century shop for 'found things'. When young Emily brings them a new object, the toys come to life to work out what the strange new thing could possibly be. 
BahBoy|2015|Aidan Prince will talk to you about his dance experiences with some very famous people and show you some of the choreography. He will take you back stage and on stage during the performances. He likes to answer questions from his fans and talk to special guests too. 
Bahama Blue|2015|This six-part documentary series takes you into the heart of the deep blue sea, from Mangroves filled with baby sharks to the Sand Flats where the green sea turtles graze. Each episode takes a deep dive into another compelling geological feature, introducing you to the abundant wildlife within. 
Bai jin nu wang|2011|The story is about a girl who was abandoned by her Mom as a child. After growing up, she becomes a model who worships money and dislikes the poor. She is even willing to be kept and supported by a middle-age, rich businessman just for money. When she does a fashion show in Paris, she meets a male music student. They start a fatal relationship after a one-night stand. 
Baian the Assassin|1990|In Edo Period Japan, justice is sometimes a difficult thing to achieve by normal means. In these cases, the aggrieved will hire shigakenin, deadly assassins who strike without mercy to kill those who might otherwise escape their rightful ends. Fujieda Baian is an acupuncturist who serves his community faithfully as a healer. There are times, though, when he becomes an entirely different person - one whose skills as a healer are used to kill those who believe themselves to be above the law and beyond justice. Shot in Old Edo and other historic locations in Japan, this crime drama captures well the dark flavor of the novels by Shotaro Ikenami on which it is based. 
Baiburu burakku|2001|At a harmless looking high school, the teachers and staff are practicing a dark religion. By devoting their bodies to perversity, they chant their dark spells and control the lusts of the student body. Everywhere the students turn, they are drawn to acts of perversion, even in public. Perhaps the school nurse has the answer, as she holds special counseling sessions for the female students. 
Bail Out|2013|When the Department is against you and the mob no longer has your back...things change. Bail Out - The story of a veteran New York City police detective, Jimmy O'Neill, who is forced to relocate to Fort Worth, Texas. This serious but sometimes zany dramedy heads off into uncharted territory, as 2,000 miles may not be enough to separate him from his past. His daily life has taken a drastic turn - from the streets of New York to the pastures of Fort Worth. A new P.I. business and freelancing as a bounty hunter keep him on his toes and one step ahead of his past. 
Baja California, EducaciÛn sin fronteras|2006|Created in 1957, the Autonomous University of Baja California holds the second place among the leading institutions of superior education in the country. Its quick but optimized development is the product of diverse generations of university students who have helped to consolidate its leadership. Over five decades, it has succeeded in satisfying the educational needs of Baja California's societies through its different divisions and schools, as well as promoting scientific and humanistic research through the support provided by its institutes. This program reviews the university's history in the diverse stages that go from its establishment to the current moment. All of this is done through the voices of different people related to the institution, such as deans, professors, researchers, students and alumni. 
Bajillion Dollar Propertie$|2016|The Bros are still feuding and their unprofessional behavior is driving Platinum crazy. Victoria sells to a group of track-suited women , while Dean spars with his publisher Gwentolyn Swanson over his outrageously long manuscript. The Bros are enemies and it's getting out of control. Victoria sells to a group of girlfriends, and Dean tries to get his publisher Gwentolyn to approve his too-long book. 
Bajo sospecha|2014|In the small town of Cienfuegos, it's a very special day for 7-year-old Alicia Vega (Aroa Palacios) and her family: her First Communion. However, when they are celebrating at the family's restaurant, closed for the occasion, she goes missing. 
Baka to tesuto to shoukanjuu|2010|All the students in a school are distributed according to their individual score in a test into six section and are treated according to their section. The least scoring students then makes a resolution to gain back their status and that a mere score in a test doesn't really describes an individual personal brilliance. 
Bake Off Creme De La Creme|2016|The search for the creme de la creme of British pastry begins with Tom Kerridge welcoming three teams of expert chefs to the competition. Ahead of them lies a truly intense day of cooking in front of three of the biggest names in British pastry. Battling it out in the first heat of this intense bake off are three young chefs from a five-star hotel, a team which invents desserts for a leading supermarket and a trio of chefs who work in secret restaurants hidden away in the city of London. Judging and scoring their efforts are Benoit Blin, chef patissier at Belmond Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons, Claire Clark MBE, world-renowned pastry chef and consultant, and Cherish Finden, executive pastry chef at The Langham, London. In the first challenge, the teams must produce three different mouthwatering patisserie items - framboisier - a classic layered slice, paris-brest - a handcrafted miniature, and a cylindrical petit gateau invented by the teams themselves. They must make 36 perfect and identical items of each pastry and with just three hours to do it, the pressure is almost too much for some. In the second challenge, the team must transform an ordinary dessert into an incredible fine-dining experience with their showpiece. For this heat, it's apple crumble and custard which gets the five-star treatment, complete with towering edible showpiece sculptures that are simply unbelievable. With heart-stopping moments, frank and uncompromising judging and cooking techniques we've never seen before, which team will score the most points and earn themselves a place in the semi-finals? 
Bake Off Romania|2016|Bakers attempt three challenges each week trying to impress the judges enough to go through to the next round and eventually are crowned Romania's best amateur baker and earns a prize of 25,000 euro. In some episode local celebrities are invited and they ask contestants to bake special cakes. 
Baked|2015|"Baked" is India's most ambitious original fiction web-series which chronicles the misadventures of three university flatmates who decide to start a midnight food delivery service. This genre-bending series takes you on a roller coaster ride as our odd ball trio juggle student life with business, and invariably manage to land themselves into trouble. 
Bakekang|2006|A loving heart trapped beneath an ugly facade, ignored and unappreciated by those who fail to see beyond what is skin-deep. She is a woman whose only desire is to feel a little affection from the world that has deprived her of everything she has always longed for. In GMA Network's newest prime-time drama Bakekang, the unusual face of an unlikely heroine will emerge to present a riveting story of an ugly woman's rise from a sorry state of ridicule to the pedestal of triumph and coveted fame. Created by top-selling comics novelist and award-winning director Carlo J. Caparas, Bakekang is a comics classic serialized in Bondying Komiks which was made into a movie in 1978 with no less than Philippine show-business' superstar Nora Aunor portraying the title role. 
Bakemonogatari|2009|Follows the adventures of Koyomi Araragi, a former vampire. One day, a classmate named Hitagi Senjougahara, a loner, falls down the stairs into Koyomi's arms. Hitagi appears to weigh next to nothing, defying physics. Despite being threatened by her to keep away, Koyomi offers his help, and introduces her to Meme Oshino, a strange middle-aged man living in an abandoned building, who cured him of vampirism. Koyomi becomes gradually more involved in cases related to unusual supernatural creatures, meeting new people and discovering secrets in the people he thought he knew. 
Baker Daily|2015|BAKER DAILY is a comedic web series that's set in the high-stakes world of cable news. Chris Baker plays um - Chris Baker, an entitled but well-meaning rookie anchor who's trying to do his best amidst constant mishaps and blunders, both on air and off. 
Bakers vs. Fakers|2016|Pro and amateur bakers use hot peppers to create spicy cupcakes; 'Lorraine Pascale' (qv) and 'Damaris Phillips' (qv) join baking maestro and host 'Buddy Valastro' (qv), to judge the bakers from the fakers; in round two, school snacks must be used as ingredients. 
Bakersfield P.D.|1993|Paul Gigante leaves the FBI to be a detective for the rural Bakersfield, California P.D. But the sophisticated Gigante (Giancarlo Esposito, _Do the Right Thing (1989)_ (qv)) has more trouble trading opera for the Bakersfield Sound, than he imagined. To his bored fellow officers, especially not-so-good old boy Denny Boyer ('Chris Mulkey' of _"Twin Peaks" (1990)_ (qv)), the professional, dedicated city slicker's way harder to figure out than even the most diabolical cow-napping. 
Bakery Boss|2013|With the financial support of his family, Drew opened a pastry shop in Houston. Buddy discovers the bakery is $600,000 in the hole and Drew refuses to expand the menu. Buddy has a plan to heal family rifts and revamp the menu, but will Drew listen? 
Baki the Grappler|2001|Baki Hanma is an exceptionally strong young man. He spends every waking moment training and fighting so that he may someday surpass the fighting abilities of the strongest being on Earth--his father Yujiro, a cruel man who lives only to fight and hurt people. On his path to becoming the strongest, Baki fights and trains with masters of various fighting styles, always looking for new ways to increase his own strength and fighting technique. 
Baking Good, Baking Bad|2015|Treats that are dreamy and creamy are in the spotlight. Included: Harry gets struck in a peanut butter ice cream cake in Chicago, Illinois; she tries a whole range of waffles in Charleston, South Carolina; and in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, old-fashioned candy makes for a trip down memory lane, 
Bakiza Wa Zaghloul|1986|Bakiza is the spoiled daughter of a former Pasha, she has been married off as a teenager to a rich old man named Mohamed Ashmawy. Both of her parents have been hoping that their only daughter will inherit her old husband in two or three years, but contrary to their ambitions Ashmawy lives for another 20 years. When the old man dies after going bankrupt, he leaves his entire estate to his widow Bakiza and his missing son Zaghloul who turns out to be a woman since birth! 
Bakuen Campus Guardress|1994|The story behind Campus Guardress is that 30,000 years ago, the dimension known as the Dark World tried to invade and take over the regular world. The invaders were defeated and many pushed back, and their gateway to the Dark World was sealed. Those who were left behind in this world were known as the Remnants. Afterwards, Gateway Campus was established to keep protecting the world. All the inhabitants of Gateway Campus are known as Guardians, and each has special abilities to fulfill their duties. Now, in the present, the leader of the Remnants, Kijima Touta, has awakened after a forced 30,000 year sleep. He means to reopen the Gate and bring the Dark World across again, plus he has a score to settle with the people who defeated him the first time. Or least, with their reincarnations. 
Bakugan Battle Brawlers|2007|With the Brawlers back on Earth and life getting back to normal, it doesn't take long for Spectra to show up and throw a wrench into things. He sends a telepathic message to Dan, challenging him to a battle...a "final battle" between Drago and Helios. Fed up with having Spectra's quest for the Ultimate Bakugan hanging over his head Dan accepts and the fight is on. This fight is as fierce and bombastic as they get and throughout it looks like either side could take the win, but ultimately the victory goes to Drago. 
Bakuman.|2010|Moritaka Mashiro, a junior high school student, content to live out a relatively normal life as any other does, is persuaded by his classmate, Akito Takagi, to become an aspiring mangaka when the latter realizes his natural talent as an artist. However, Moritaka is reluctant to pursue his dream as his uncle, once a mangaka with his own serializations, died from overwork trying to regain his lost status. With Akito's help, Takagi gets another classmate and his school crush, Azuki Miho, who is an aspiring voice actress, to voice in the anime adaptation of their future manga once it is completed. However, Mashiro also proposes to Azuki, who surprisingly accepts only on the condition she will marry him when both of them have achieved their dreams. With a goal set before him, Mashiro begins a long and struggling path to become a famous mangaka. 
Bakumatsu kikansetsu irohanihoheto|2006|The Shogunate is in its final years, and war is fast approaching. When Akizuki Yojiro, a dark and mysterious mercenary, nears something supernatural with some kind of importance to him, the ornament on the end of his sword hilt waves in its direction, his eyes glow mysteriously, and he is driven to go after it. He comes across a traveling theater group who is out for revenge for the killing of the parents of the group's leader, and whose mysterious playwright likes to secretly help along events of history. Yojiro joins them to lend them his skill against their enemies, while dark conspiracy continues to follow behind him. 
Bakunyu Oyako|2004|Yusuke has a problem that any guy would want and most guys wish for. A girl named Reina wants him to be her supposed "private tutor". Reina's an extremely well endowed girl, which is probably what drives Yusuke into agreeing to be her "private tutor". This is where his problem begins. It's obvious that tutoring is one thing that they will surely not be doing. When Yusuke comes over for Reina's lesson he runs into her mom. Wow is one word to describe her breasts. Reina's mom is blessed with a triple A cup, even bigger than Reina's. She really lays it out there and climbs all over Yusuke. Here's the big problem. The fight over Yusuke is now going to begin as mother and daughter get ready to show off their sexual skill in order to win. 
Bakuon!!|2016|The story revolves around high school girls who discover the appeal of motorcycles. Sakura Hane is a high school student who looks a little bit like an airhead. On the way to her all-female high school one day, she is worn-out climbing a hilly road with a bicycle, but she sees a girl named Onsa Amano who is riding a motorcycle. Sakura immediately becomes interested in motorcycles, and she and Onsa join the motorcycle club at the school. Then, Sakura sets out to get her license. 
Bakuretsu hunters|1995|In Spurna, the Sorcerers are the rulers and tiranize the people. The people have only one hope: The Sorcerers Hunters, a group of people devoted to free Spurna from the evil sorcerers. They're Carrot (a wimp and womanizer - but at least a good person - with the power to absorb magic), Marron (Carrot's younger brother and master of oriental magic), Tira (who seems so timid but turns into a sado queen who uses a whip as weapon. She's in love with Carrot), Chocola (Tira's older sister, also in love with Carrot, and dangerous as her, who uses a strong steel cable as weapon) and Gateau (he makes bodybuilding poses all time and wants to look harsh but he's a good guy). Adventure in a sword-and-sorcery world with a lot of humor. 
Bakury˚ sentai Abaranger|2003|Scientists at first believed that the dinosaurs were wiped out by a meteorite 65 million years ago, in truth the meteorite split the Earth into two dimensions: Dino Earth & Another Earth. Dino Earth is the Earth where the Dinosaurs are the superior species while Another Earth is the Earth in which humans are the dominant species. In Dino Earth, a long raging war between the inhabitants known as the Dragon People and the Evolions(a entities from the meteorite) has commenced for as long as anyone could remenber. One day, Asuka of the Dragon People traveled to Another Earth via a trans-dimensional portal and was followed by the Evoliens who had three Bakuryu(dinosaur mechas) under their own control. As the Bakuryu attack Tokyo, a distress call was sent to three humans with "Dino Guts" to tame each of the three Bakuryu. Upon taming their own Bakuryu, the three lucky humans have form the team known as Abaranger with the sole purpose of protecting their Earth from the Evoliens. 
Bakuten shoot beyblade|2001|Three or four friends roam to various cities to win beyblade battles. In these battles, everyone has his/her special moves and have some common enemies like lio which has tornado type beyblade. Everyone wants to become best of all and so on. -kunal chhabra 
Balamory|2002|Today PC Plum is trying to organise a birthday party for Callum, his nephew. Callum is a bit of a freak because he never plays with toys- he likes to sit in boxes and pretend they are boats, planes etc. P.C. Plum and Archie make a cardboard rocket as a present for Callum. Miss Hoolie brings party hats and a birthday cake from Pocket and Sweet's shop, so PC Plum arranges a party, but forgets to buy a gift for his nephew, so Miss Hoolie suggests a visit to someone who can help and he tries to organise a birthday party for his nephew. 
Balaton Szandra|2011|Balaton Szandra is a mini web-series created by AXN Original Productions. Balaton Szandra - who first appeared on a local commercial radio - voices her opinion about edgy topics, current news, and about AXN in her own, distinctive style. Topics include "series dependence", holidays, reality shows, boys, and Facebook and Twitter. 
Balcony|2014|BALCONY is a series about the consummate new odd-couple, Nate and Dolph, brought together by the high cost of living in LA and a cursory friendship in college. A pair of working professionals aspiring to build an adult life for themselves, they are simply figuring out how to grow up. Basically five years behind their midwestern high school classmate counterparts on Facebook, Dolph and Nate are grappling with the hard questions life has to offer: which is more preferable, sleeping in hot or cold temperatures? Which pedestrian on the street is better looking than the other? Is it possible to actually fish off a balcony? Through their almost sibling-like rivalry and endearing camaraderie, they come together as a duo at the end of every work day, enjoying their fifth floor balcony status, as they both observe and judge the world below them in fun-loving, comical ways. 
BalconyTV Kaunas|2012|BalconyTV is devoted to the idea of music being performed on balconies. It sounds like a simple, if oddly specific, concept, but its one that has become a franchise that sees Producers in cities around the world filming performances and sharing them with the world via a central website, clocking up over 30 million views of over 6000 videos in the process. Kaunas is one among the many cities globally like Dublin, London, New York, Lisbon, Poznan, New Delhi, Sydney, LA, Toronto, Prague, Vienna, Madrid many more and much more on the way to launch. 
BalconyTV-Sunshine Coast|2012|BalconyTV is devoted to the idea of music being performed on balconies. It sounds like a simple, if oddly specific, concept, but its one that has become a franchise that sees Producers in cities around the world filming performances and sharing them with the world via a central website, clocking up over 20 million views of over 5000 videos in the process. Sunshine Coast is one among the many cities globally. 
Baldini e Simoni|1999|Sport journalist Michele Baldini lives with son Lorenzo who studies classical singing and south-american maiden Marcelina, crazy about football. When Michele's girlfriend, lawyer Anna Simoni, moves in bringing together her daughter Emanuela, who cares only about dance music, the small flat gets too small. 
Balika Vadhu|2008|Set in rural Rajasthan, 'Balika Vadhu' traces the arduous journey of child bride Anandi from the brink of childhood to womanhood. Married at the tender age of eight, Anandi had to accept and accustom herself to a new family of strangers and accept her roles as a friend, lover, wife and a daughter in law during childhood itself. Now, as a young adult, she faces new challenges as she tries to carve out her own identity in the world. 'Balika Vadhu' very sensitively portrays the plight of children who are unwittingly forced into marriage, in the name of tradition, and have to bear the repercussions for the rest of their lives. 
Balkan Inc.|2006|Based on the novels "Bijela Jutra" (White Mornings) and "Marsevski korak" (March Step) by Robert Naprta, who is also the writer of TV Series "Balkan Inc.". led by All Star Cast. The main character is a cop who browses trough the streets and city's underground where he finds himself in a series of unsolved murders, drugs, smugglers, corrupt government officials, sex, hookers and blackmail. His Name is Marko Prilika - called Cens (Chance). Even though he's a cop, he's no stranger in a world of cocaine use and hookers. 
Balkan ekspres|1984|The last days of peace in Serbia, before the April breakdown in 1941. Group petty thieves wanders disguised as a musical composition "Balkan Express". The only concern of these pickpockets is to preserve the head of the first winds of war atrocities. People at the bottom, in that terrible and merciless time, grow out of their hitherto meaningless destinies and become heroes of an era. 
Ball Boys|2012|Ball Boys follows the sports memorabilia business at the iconic Robbie's 1st Base in Baltimore, MD. The shop's run by the charming family-like sports fanatics who work there - Robbie Sr. and Junior, Sweet Lou and Shaggy. More than just a shop, Robbie's First Base is like an old school barbershop where everyone has an opinion and is eager to share their stories and love of the game. Ball Boys features a wide range of transactions, some highly successful and others a sore disappointment. There's no shortage of staff outings and straight-up trash talk with famous athletes and sports fans from around the nation. These guys know it all, and their enthusiasm for the world of sports is unbeatable. 
Ball Four|1976|In the first episode pitcher Jim Bouton informed his teammates and coaches that he was going to write a series of articles on baseball life "off the field." Manager Capogrosso and most of the others were not very keen on the idea Ball Four was based on a book of the same title by former major league pitcher Jim Bouton. 
Ballers|2015|In Las Vegas on business, Spencer gets reacquainted with Chloe, an old flame now working for Wayne, while Ricky challenges the odds in a game of dice. Set up by Joe to represent top running back Kisan, Jason ends up sweating it out in a tough neighborhood. Charles gets a public-speaking primer from Julie; Vernon and Reggie make a risky endorsement deal. 
Ballet Changed My Life: Ballet Hoo!|2006|Channel 4 is joining forces with Birmingham Royal Ballet (BRB), and Youth at Risk for the first time to set Birmingham and Black Country youth a challenge of a lifetime. Do they have what it takes to perform the MacMillan production of Romeo and Juliet live on stage, to a packed audience, with a cast of professional dancers? 
Ballet Rose - Vidas Proibidas|1998|Based on a true story this TV-series tells the police investigation that happened at the time of the former regime in Portugal, involving a sex scandal of prostitution, child prostitution and pedophilia that got the deck several quadrants of the Portuguese High Society (Politicians, Teachers, bankers, Marquises, Counts, etc.). 
Ballet Shoes|1975|Pauline, Petrova, and Posy Fossil live with Sylvia Brown, their guardian. Money is tight and as the story opens, three boarders - a garage owner, a retired English professor, and a dance teacher - come to stay. Theo Dane, the dance teacher, has the girls accepted at her school by the formidable Madame, and the three go on the stage to help raise money. Each discovers her talents - Pauline as an actress, Petrova in fixing engines, and Posy as a dancer. 
Ballin' with the Stars|????|Fast paced entertainment extravaganza with more than enough excitement for the whole family to enjoy. This high octane thrill ride will effortlessly blend reality and sports, into one of the most spectacular events in televised history. 
Balloon Barnyard|2017|Everyone at Balloon Barnyard is feeling hot, hot, hot! The bright sun is shining down on the exhausted donkeys and they must find a way to cool themselves down. Streak and Pip set out to make their own thirst quenching lemonade but must first find all the ingredients, including the most important one - LEMONS! With the help of Cud the Cow, the donkeys uncover the recipe for the perfect lemonade and have a fruity time making it. Meanwhile, Fraidy and the Cheeps star in their own Busby Berkeley musical. 
Balloopo|2016|High up in the sky, beyond the clouds exist a mystical land where everything is made of balloons, the street, buildings and even the people. In this land where there is minimum gravity, watch Balloopo, a big blue elephant and his companion Paru, the orange-haired balloon boy and their adventures as they go about in this bouncy, bloated land of fun. 
Ballot Monkeys|2015|A comedy series built around the 2015 British election campaign. The programme follows the campaign buses and their electioneering staff as they cope with events, polls and media responses. The plot is kept relevant by recording during the week it is to be broadcast and therefore news items are reflected in the script. 
Ballroom Bootcamp|2005|Ballroom Bootcamp is the series where three "Average Joes or Janes" from all walks of life undertake a rigorous five-week training program. Top ballroom dance professionals Susannah Cuesta, Gocha Chertkoev and Christian Perry will attempt to give the participants the physical, mental and social tools necessary for success, and stop at nothing to transform the participants from ordinary to extraordinary. The Ballroom Bootcamp participants will learn one of five dance styles - the cha-cha, waltz, tango, jive or rhumba - and then face off against one another in an authentic, professionally adjudicated competition. 
Ballroom e yÙkoso|2017|A professional dancer named Sengoku rescues Tatara, an introverted third-year middle school student who is being harassed by delinquents. Tatara ends up at Sengoku's dance studio where he meets Shizuku Hanaoka, a schoolmate he comes to secretly idolize. From this defining moment when Tatara enters the world of dance. Sengoku is a free-spirited, dynamic international dancer who recognizes Tatara's potential and begins to coach him. Through dance, Tatara meets another schoolmate, a dance prodigy named Kiyoharu. Through these new friendships, Tatara develops a passionate desire to improve as a dancer and be accepted by his peers and rivals, which nurtures his own native talent. And through interaction with Tatara, other dance members are encouraged to take steps to overcome their own challenges and issues. 
Balls Anonymous|2013|Lori runs a support group for guys who lack...guyness. The men gather weekly(and weakly)to compare experiences, listen to advice and try to find their balls through "Test-icles" and exercises like the "Stim Sim", a green screen Stimulation Simulation custom-designed to their specific issues. As is common with support groups, the guys have joined with the hopes of improving what's lacking in this area of their lives, but in the process find friends and create bonds with other struggling, ball-less men. This series profiles their adventures, friendships, and journey into manliness. 
Balls Out|2014|A spunky, sweet Mo wants to be a Youtube star but she can't do it herself. So she persuades her resistant sister Ro, along with other oddball characters, to be in them. The endearing attempts lead to strange situations, utter chaos and hysterical failures. 
Balls of Steel|2005|In this spin off from the main Balls of Steel show, New Zealand stuntman Randy Cambell is rushed to hospital after been run down by his stunt co-ordinator after his final stunt went horribly wrong. Along the way his stunt co-ordinator looks back over Randy's bungled career. 
Ballykissangel|1996|Peter Clifford, a young Catholic priest from Manchester, is transferred to the village of Ballykissangel, Ireland, and is taken by the dry-humored publican Assumpta Fitzgerald who has almost the exact opposite of his good nature and dislikes the organized church. He has to deal with occasional battles against his hateful superior, Father MacAnally, and the day-to-day problems of the people: Brian Quigley, whose constant search for money often leads him to immorality, his daughter Niamh and her lover straight-arrow garda Ambrose Egan, uptight and inquisitive shopkeeper Kathleen Hendley, gruff vet Siobhan Mehigan, cheery mechanic Padraig O'Kelly, comical schoolteacher Brendan Kearney, and elderly farmer Eamon Byrne. Later arrivals to the town include former monk Father Aidan O'Connell, pariah Sean Dillon and his daughter Emma, Eamon's nephew Danny, female Garda Frankie Sullivan, Australian Father Vincent Sheahan, and horse-trainer Avril Burke. 
Balqis|2009|The biography of Balqis, the Queen of Sheba, has been overlooked by both historians and film makers, although in folklore and Arab and global collective consciousness, she is most worthy of the title of queen. The story begins in the last years of the reign of Balqis's father, King Al Hedhad, the King of Sheba, who was domineering and weak at the same time. The country was in his time impotent on all military, economic and administrative levels and the conflict between the leaders of Ethiopian and Yemeni tribes have led to despising the central government and weakening its control over the country. The Crown Prince is then taken prisoner in Ethiopia, gets too ill and dies in his prison leaving the throne to his sister, Balqis. The series whose events take place in Yemen is a biography of Balqis, the distinguished queen from Hamiriya and the Queen of Sheba. She was a symbol of her age and a major driving force of the events of this series, which addresses one of the most important historical periods of ancient Yemen. Many military tensions and tribal wars occurred during that time that Balqis could win with her cleverness and wisdom. She succeeded in uniting the country under her leadership and Yemen became known as the Happy Yemen during her time. 
Baltic Coasts|2011|Directed by Nadja Frenz, "The Baltics" takes the viewer on a 10 episode trip in 70mm HD through the Baltics: 1: Castles and Myths, 2: Piers and Harbours, 3: Hanseatic Heritage, 4: The Bird Route, 5: Enchanted Islands, 6: The Nordic South Seas, 7: The Spell of the Skerries, 8: Of Forests and Lakes, 9: The Reborn Gems, 10: Hidden Treasures. 95% of this voyage is in the European Union, including the nine coastal states around Europe's largest inland waterway. The way of life can be completely different from one port to the next, due to the environment and economic situations varying greatly from destination to destination. Interviews with the residents of each area, along with the geographical beauty, make this a series that truly takes you on a travelogue to places the average person would never see. 
Bam's Bad Ass Game Show|2014|Each week on Bam's Bad Ass Game Show, competitors vie for $10,000 by facing off against each other in incredibly demented, potentially dangerous and occasionally painful challenges, like answering trivia questions while dangling above a pool of trash-filled water or dropping a watermelon on a target after being shot out of a cannon. The loser of each challenge is eliminated until there's only one contestant left standing to take home the cash prize. 
Bam-i-myeon Bam-a-da|2008|A story about a single woman in her late thirties and an art scholar with a roving eye for young nubile girls who try to recover a national treasure. Professional tomb raiders who can tell apart a Goryeo celadon from a white celadon by just smelling the dirt surrounding them and a detective who can tell what kind of criminals they're dealing with by just surveying the remains of a looted tomb... There are others such as the inspectors who dedicate themselves to catching tomb raiders out of patriotism and an art expert who uses high-tech gadgets and his extensive knowledge to spot fakes... These people are involved in cases surrounding cultural heritages and the ups and downs of their lives unfold in this drama with exciting episodes. The leading male character is an art expert who detects forgeries and restores original art pieces who doesn't get along with the leading female character who is an inspector working for the Cultural Heritage Administration of Korea but they work together to solve the case of stolen cultural heritage pieces and they find love along the way. Watching their bizarre dating ritual, people will feel sorry for them and at the same time vicariously feel a flutter in their hearts. There are poignant scenes where the inspectors develop a friendship with the looters they put behind bars. Using high-tech gadgets, the inspectors restore art and identify fakes in this interesting, heart-stopping drama. 
Baman Piderman|2009|Baman Piderman is a goofy, all-ages, traditionally animated series on Mondomedia created by Lindsay and Alex Small-Butera. Full of friendship, absurdity, and a somewhat disconcerting level of continuity, Baman Piderman is a unique animated labor of love that has been weirding people out since 2008.There are 23 total episodes in the first two seasons. 
Bambaloo|2003|The Bambaloo Tree is a place where you can dream and imagine and be whatever you want to be. It's a place full of magic, fun and music and a place where all your wishes can come true. It is a place where dogs, fish, birds and mice can talk! It's a place where anything can happen. Its a giant tree house 
Bamboo Dreams|2016|On the surface, Fourplex/Bar owner "Diamond" operates his bar in the ghetto of Oakland, CA. Underneath the layers we learn that he has created a national network of minority based, underground learning centers, for the leaders of "his" tomorrow. Diamond's ultimate vision and these centers are creatively financed by a few of his Hip Hop and Wall Street affiliated associates. He's challenged often by a "Dirty" CIA Agent and a questionable SEC Agent. Both want a piece of those dollars that are financing this revolution, this dream, his dream. James "Diamond" Williams has a plan, a dream, a Bamboo Dream. "Bamboo Dreams where people places and things aren't quite always what they seem". 
Bameul geotneun seonbi|2015|Set in an alternate Joseon dynasty, Jo Yang-sun (Lee Yu Bi) is the daughter of a nobleman whose family loses everything when her father is framed for treason. To make ends meet, Yang-sun begins cross-dressing as a male bookseller, and meets the handsome and mysterious scholar Kim Sung-yeol (Lee Joon Ki), who works at the Hongmungwan. Sung-yeol is a vampire, and he continues to be haunted by the long-ago death of his first love Lee Myung-hee, especially when he meets Myung-hee's present-day doppelg‰nger Choi Hye-ryung (Kim So Eun), an aloof nobleman's daughter. Meanwhile, the evil vampire Gwi (Lee Soo Hyuk) resides in the royal palace and uses his powers and political machinations to prevent the Crown Prince Lee Yoon (Shim Chang-Min) from ascending the throne. 
Bamses billedbog|1983|Bamse is a big yellow teddy bear who lives in his secret hut on a very secret location deep in the forest. Having the mind of a 6 year-old he is a bit naive and quite demanding at times. He likes to play games with his friends, especially if he is center of the action. His best friends are the mute Kylling and the innocent ∆lling (Danish for chicken and duckling). He also receives frequently visits from the ever travelling nomad Luna, and Aske who plays the guitar. 
Bana Artik Hicran De|2014|2000s and nowadays. 2000s, Hicran is a beautiful girl who is around twenty years old. She works at a stained glass store. Nowadays, Hicran is a mother and hates her girl. The story depicts choices a woman makes and how these affect her life. 
Bana Hersey Yakisir: Shopping Monsters|2012|Every week, five women are chosen to compete in "Shopping Monsters." The five women come from different backgrounds, with their individual styles, tastes and perspectives. None of them have ever met each other before and their fellow competitors are their judges! The rules are quite simple: It's a four hour shopping marathon... make the most of your budget, comply with the concept of the week, and score the highest points by endearing yourself to your rivals. The women are competing to see who can be the most stylish on a limited budget with only four hours to prepare. Each week, a theme is given to the whole group and the theme changes every week. The budget amount will vary from each country, but it must be enough to give the women a challenge. From their budgets, the women must buy a complete outfit with shoes, handbags and accessories, as well as paying for a trip to the salon for their hair and make-up. The budget can also vary according to the theme, for example more money could be given to dress for a film gala event, with a smaller budget being allocated for the theme of dressing for a job interview. The four hour time limit is a big challenge and the clock starts ticking the minute the women start to shop. A camera crew follows as that day's competitor visits every shop to try on different outfits, but the audience does not know which one she has chosen until she takes to the runway. At the end of her shopping trip, the contestant shows off her new look on the catwalk in front of her four other competitors. A runway is set up back in the studio and the results of her transformation are judged for success or failure. The other women make comments on her style choices in the studio. A top fashion designer also adds commentary on the contestant's look, and gives general style tips to the show's viewers. There is plenty of gossip and backstabbing as the women rate each other on their style choices. After the runway, the other women are invited backstage to a private room where they make additional comments to the camera. Then, they give points to that day's competitor by writing a score on a mirror in red lipstick. They can give points from 1 to 10. On the final day, all the women come to the studio wearing their chosen outfits and watch the last competitor's makeover. Final points are given and then the overall results are finally announced. The one with the most points is awarded a cash prize. Some of the theme concepts in "Shopping Monsters" include dressing for your best friend's wedding, Women over 40, your birthday party, Plus Sizes, Jetsetters and Sexy Blondes. "Shopping Monsters" has endless product placement, sponsorship and advertising opportunities. It can also go interactive by giving women the chance to post pictures of their own styles on a "Shopping Monsters" website, and then other users can rate them. 
Bana Sevmeyi Anlat|2016|After divorcing, Leyla and her baby move to Turkey from Germany. She struggles to find a job and leave her family's house. She meets Hasmet through a job. Meanwhile Alper tries to keep up. His marriage and job are in trouble. Alper and Leyla meet unexpectedly through a sucker punch. 
Banacek|1972|Thomas Banacek is a clever and well-to-do insurance investigator living in Boston. He makes good money by solving the most intricate and unusual mysteries, and is very proud of his Polish heritage. His contacts include his street-smart chauffeur Jay and British bookstore owner Felix. Banacek is a Boston Brahmin who maintains his lifestyle by locating or recovering stolen or missing items that were stolen in an extraordinary or peculiar manner, for insurance companies for 10% of their insured value. He is assisted by his friend, Felix. He is also not liked by Henry Dewitt, the insurance company rep who doesn't like being beholden to him. And during the second season, he had a rival-love interest in Carlie Kirkland, an insurance investigator who works for DeWitt. 
Banana Zoo|1998|"Banana Zoo" features colorful animated characters and puppets that entertain children and educate them about the marvels of the Animal Kingdom. Follow along with Banana's puppet friends as they take you on fun wild animal adventures around the globe! Join Banana and his friends as they take a close look at an important topic - the possible extinction of beautiful animals. 
Banana|2015|19-year old gay Dean works as a post boy in an insurance firm and entertains colleagues with a chastity belt he claims a boyfriend in Bristol made him wear though he is relieved when a friend removes it. He asks middle-aged salesman Henry Best for advice regarding the flat he shares with his friend Freddie - the object of Henry's attention - since the boys are struggling to pay the rent to their gangster landlord and Dean does not have it in him to ask for money for sex. Fortunately for all concerned Henry has the solution. 
Bananaman|1983|Stupid, but well-meaning and super-strong super-hero, Bananaman gets his strength from eating bananas. Before he eats a banana, Bananaman is a young boy called Eric who is keen to keep his alter-ego a secret. His best friend is a crow who brings bananas to Eric (or Bananaman) when they are needed for extra strength. Bananaman is always ready to fight the baddies. 
Banat Sukkar Nabat|2011|Sarah, Manar and Farah are three university colleagues as well as friends, each with her own personal problems. Manar suffers from being abandoned by her lover. Sarah lives with a husband that she doesn't like, and whom she didn't marry convincingly. Farah's big problem is that her fiance abandons her before their wedding. 
Banb˚ brÍdo|2007|A school kendo club is in need of talent and participation when the petite and talented Tamaki is drafted. With her understated sense of justice and ample strength, Tamaki becomes an inspiration for her team-mates, school and even the deadbeat instructor. 
Banco Nacional de MÈxico y su compromiso social|2009|As the National Bank of Mexico, Banamex considers its social commitment program to be an investment in the country's development. Its social commitment is expressed through actions designed to rescue, strengthen and promote our culture; providing resources and initiatives to support the social development of the neediest social groups, conserving natural resources, and promoting financial education. 
Banco de MÈxico: el camino de la autonomÌa|2015|The creation of a central bank was a key element during the reconstruction of the Mexican economy after its Revolution. From 1925, the Bank of Mexico faced the challenge of promoting the emergence of a new banking system, reactivating credit and regaining the confidence of the Mexican population in its paper currency. This documentary narrates the process lived by the institution in order to reach its autonomy in relation to the Federal Executive Power in 1994 and the role it plays in contributing to the economical progress of the country and the acquisitive power of the national currency. 
Bancroft|2017|Bancroft, a brilliant copper has given her life to the police force. Consequently, she's trusted and adored by her colleagues and promotion to Detective Chief Superintendent looks assured. Bancroft runs an operation to bring down the pernicious and vicious Kamara gang. She adopts dubious methods, but the most violent brother, Athif, rules the local town with an iron fist, so it's hard not to applaud her actions. 
Band in Seattle|2013|Up and coming bands Acid Angels and Big Sur are featured with music and stories. Acid Angels: Kelly Wheeler - bass player, lead vocalist and song writer. The drummer and back up vocalist, Geoff Reading who has played in many successful rock bands all over the world. The band has two guitar players, Jayme Layme at lead guitar and Carl Klein also on guitar and backup vocals. Tim Forsander is on keyboard and backup vocals. Big Sur: Jake Hemming -lead songwriter, vocals and guitarist, Derek Jackman on drums, Mike Bergstrom - electric/upright bass, Steve Norman on pedal steel, trumpet, and Kat Bula violinist and vocals. 
Band of Brothers|2001|This is the story of "E" Easy Company, 506th Regiment of the 101st Airborne Division from their initial training starting in 1942 to the end of World War II. They parachuted behind enemy lines in the early hours of D-Day in support of the landings at Utah beach, participated in the liberation of Carentan and again parachuted into action during Operation Market Garden. They also liberated a concentration camp and were the first to enter Hitler's mountain retreat in Berchtesgaden. A fascinating tale of comradeship that is, in the end, a tale of ordinary men who did extraordinary things. The story of Easy Company, 506th Regiment of the 101st Airborne Division, U.S. Army. Based on interviews with survivors of Easy Company, as well as soldiers' journals and letters, this 10-part series chronicles the experiences of these young men who knew extraordinary bravery and extraordinary fear. 
Band of Gold|1995|Working the lane amongst prostitutes, ponce's, punters and police is a very dangerous profession. Gina Dickson, a young mother in Yorkshire, is forced into prostitution to pay off her debts. Carol is a single mother who mental state is unbalanced and her time on the lane may lead her to self destruction. Rose runs the lane but she's losing her touch. Tracey is a young runaway that is hooked on drugs and is looking for love that she never got at home. Anita is a naive women looking for companionship, whether it be with a married man or with her friends. When, despite Carol's warnings, Gina discovers the worst that can happen to a woman who works the lane, Carol and her friends decide to pack it in, go legit, and form a business that will get back at the loan shark. The move from the lane to legit entangles the women in a dangerous game as their lives on the lane continues to haunt them. 
Bandbudh Aur Budbak|2015|Two ten-year-old boys, Budhdeb and Badrinath are a bit dim witted. They are not good in academics but excel in playing tricks, fooling teachers, creating trouble but most-importantly, they manage to get out of the web of problems themselves through luck or some irrational argument. Bandbudh aur Budbak is a comedy series for young children starring two amusing specimens and featuring the rest of the students and teachers in their school. 
Bandeira 2|1971|An outlaw, Artur do Amor Divino, aka Tuc„o, rules the neighborhood of Ramos, in Rio de Janeiro. He runs an illegal lottery. But his power is threatened by the rival Jovelino Sabonete. Noeli, a female cab-driver, falls in love with Tuc„o's son, Zelito. There's also a Romeo-and-Juliet-style love affair between TaÌs, Tuc„o's daughter, and M·rcio, Jovelino's son. But in a costume party, M·rcio is killed by Tuc„o's gang, headed by Quidoca. As a backdrop to the whole series, we find ZÈ Catimba and his girfriend Lena, prominent figures at Imperatriz Leopoldinense Samba School. 
Bandidos da Falange|1983|When the criminal Paulo Alberto is executed in the Baixada Fluminense, his lover Marluce keeps an old clock he stole in his last heist with a treasure hidden in its interior. The dirty detective Tito LÌvio tries to retrieve the object and the honest Gilberto protects Marluce. Meanwhile, an innocent and simple man, Valdir, is wrongly accused of a heist and sent to prison. Together with Paulo Alberto's cousin, Jorge Fernando, who had had contact with a political prisoner, they found the criminal organization "Falange Vermelha", using the principles of union, confidence and brotherhood. 
Bandidos|2014|As a 17 year adolescent, Curacao born Wensly Francisco is engulfed in street violence in the dutch town of Tilburg. Desperate he gives himself a final chance: he joins the army. Arriving at the dutch army base Seedorf in Germany, he is in for a surprise. His platoon is filled with guys like him: dysfunctional, violent and uneducated. Those men - Wensly, Allesio, Boulaabi, Valkonet, Perez, Kuik en Van Kester - become friends and call themselves 'Bandidos'. 
Bandit Day|2017|Two USN elite male and female fighter pilot commanders compete for combat supremacy with romance complications between them onboard the U.S.S. Harry Truman when disaster strikes during a flight mission killing two senior level pilots and pitting drones double agent antagonists against manned fighters simultaneous to formal declaration of World War III by the United States and NATO after unprovoked preemptive attacks by the Russian Federation, Iran and their allies against Israel and Washington, D.C. 
Bandit Patrol|2015|There's never dull moment for the Wildlife Rehabilitators of Kentucky. First, Kristin and Grant rehab a wild bobcat that was found orphaned. Meanwhile, Brigette works to save a blind opossum that is fighting to stay alive. Across town, Nikki must figure out why a bat is hiding out in a sidewalk crack. Then, during a short excursion, Kristin and Grant go out on a limb to save three baby hawks. 
Bandittes|2015|It may be a "man's world", but in this city three sensually seductive young women hold the power. Their sultry demeanor shakes down the wealthiest men in the city of Bloomington. These three temptresses of the night rob the riches from the rich, so they can live a lavish lifestyle. Night after night, they pull heist after heist, never quite ever getting enough. 
Bandolero|2001|TV series 52 episodes. Juan is a boy of ten years seeing how his father the Governor died in an arson attack by the evil Commander Rodrigo and his army, for the benefit of which will be the new Governor, a greedy individual whose only interest is to enrich themselves at the expense of the unfair taxes charged to farmers. Ten years later reappears Juan, who, with the help of his band, will be devoted to fight against the tyrant for the benefit of the people, receiving the name of "Bandolero the new hero". " Mounted on his horse, he will travel the lands of rural Andalusia of the 19th fighting against injustice and helping the most needy. His adventures, based on tales and popular legends, move us to a fascinating world of adventure, action, humor and romance. 
Bandstand|1952|On this show, Dick Clark a weekly dance that featured the latest hit music for attending to dance to. In addition, the show had performances by popular musicians and audience members rated songs. 
Bang Baaja Baaraat|2015|The second original Y-Films series is the story of two crazy families and one mental wedding. When Pawan and Shahana's families meet each other 3 days before their destination wedding, for the first time, sparks fly... in all the wrong directions! 
Bang Goes the Theory|2009|Liz and Dallas look at a technique being developed at Southampton University for identifying people in CCTV footage by studying how they walk. Jem makes a vortex cannon which can knock over a brick wall using air pressure. Liz meets controversial genetic engineer Craig Venter. Dr Yan Wong shows how a fried egg can be cooked in a paper "frying pan". 
Bang|2017|Bang is the story of a brother, a sister and a gun. Loner Sam's life is transformed when he comes into possession of a gun and starts to break the law. His ambitious policewoman sister Gina is paid to uphold it and makes it her mission to find the owner of the weapon. The family saga plays out against an inquiry into the shooting of a local businessman that raises questions for Sam and Gina about their father's murder when they were young children. A crime drama about blood, love and human relationships set in the steel town of Port Talbot. 
Banged Up Abroad|2007|For Roy Hallums, a routine trip to the office turned into the ultimate fight for his life. In 2004, the 20-year Navy veteran was working in Iraq when he was suddenly kidnapped. His Iraqi captors sealed him in an underground room, just barely keeping him alive while demanding a $12 million ransom. Locked Up Abroad goes inside his harrowing story of how he survived. 
Banger Sister|????|Welcome to Los Angeles, the only city where an up and coming designer suddenly decides to become a nun, her younger sister just graduated as valedictorian but is facing jail time, her contractor father turned her old room into a chemistry lab, and her botoxed mother is running for mayor. 
Bangis|2011|A TV adaptation of the Carlo J. Caparas komiks novel 'Matatalim na Pangil sa Gubat,', Bangis, a giant but playful and gentle prehistoric creature who acts and feels human, may not be your usual best friend. But he will surely capture everyone's affection with his very humane nuances and care for his best buddy Eboy (BJ Go). 
Bangkok Airport|2015|The staff are being extra specially nice on the eve of the annual airport awards. Everybody wants to win the coveted award for customer service, but not everyone is impressed by the customer care that they are getting - Kosmos and Harry can't get a flight back to London, and Will is left high and dry after a night on the town, but he only has himself to blame. The medical team rally around when a British backpacker puts his foot in it, and we meet an airport doctor who is so popular that he has his own fan club. 
Bangkok Hilton|1989|The story of Kat Stanton (Kidman), an Australian woman searching for her father who, whilst travelling back from London to Australia via Thailand, makes friends with Arkie Ragan (Ehlers), a photographer. Kat is tricked into carrying some luggage through Thai customs for Arkie, only for the police to find drugs in his bag. Kat is sentenced to spend time in the horrific "Bangkok Hilton" prison, where she makes friends with fellow inmate Mandy Engels (Smithers), who has been sentenced to death. Whilst she endures the terrible conditions inside, Kat's lawyer Richard Carlisle (Weaving) and ex-patriot Hal Stanton (Elliott) battle with the authorities to have her freed. 
Bangla Bangers|2007|Leepu converts rusting old autos into Ferrari and Lamborghini styled fast sports cars and limousines in his small workshop in Bangladesh's capital of Dhaka, and then later in the "Chop Shop" garage he and Bernie operate out of in Brick Lane, which is Britain's largest Bangladeshi community. What makes these episodes notable is that the vehicles constructed by the team are made in a meagershop using lo-tech, basic tools; the bodywork is handmade from sheet metal. Assisted by Bernie's mechanical expertise, the improvements are sometimes questionable. 
Bangs|????|Boston Metropolitan Police officer Joey Bangs orchestrates three spectacular crimes: the $30-million Depositors Trust Bank heist, Examscam (the sale of stolen police exams), and the largest drug distribution ring in New England history. Based on the nonfiction book "Bangs: A Policeman's Guide to Corruption" by D.B. Flowers, Jr., with Cameron Deaver. 
Banished|2015|British drama created by Jimmy McGovern. The seven-part serial is inspired by events in the eighteenth century when Britain established a penal colony in Australia. 
Banja|2006|Banja is a young musical genius, and a veritable "hit-maker". But he has a rebellious streak, and after breaking his contract with his record company (DO-MI-NANT), he finds himself taken prisoner on an island called Hitland. Hitland is inhabited by a group of musicians, all imprisoned there for breaking their contract. The only way of escaping the island is to agree to go back to composing "hits" for the powerful record company. But BANJA refuses to give in, and tries to escape. Unfortunately, the island's guards catch him every time. Whilst trying to find an escape route, Banja meets all the other prisoners on the island, each of whom represents a different musical style (blues, jazz, pop, country, techno, etc...). 
Banjica|1984|During the Nazi occupation, Serb quisling government is running a concentration camp called Banjica. Jews, captured Partisans and resistance sympathizers are held there until they are transported to death camps or shot. A young girl, arrested for listening to allied radio-stations, must endure the hell of being there. 
Bank of Dave|2012|Bank of Dave is an observational series that will chart entrepreneur David Fishwick's progress as he tries to create a bank from scratch and get it into profit in only 180 days. Can one man really take on the banking giants and make a real difference to local businesses? 
Bank of Mom and Dad|2009|26-year-old Carmela is a restaurant manager in Bayonne, NJ, who has found herself sinking into debt because of her pricey shopping habits. Over a third of her monthly income goes to clothes, makeup, tanning, nails and cigarettes. Engaged to her fiancÈ, Marcus, she also owes her future in-laws thousands of dollars in "loans." But despite all her money troubles, Carmella still expects to have her big, expensive Italian dream wedding. With the help of money coach Farnoosh Torabi, Carmela's parents, Mary and Joseph, team up to give their daughter a wake-up call about the realities of her wedding expectations vs. her actual budget 
Banker Madness!|2016|Marijuana has been legalized in the United States, and without surprise the world has not turned into anarchy. However, when marijuana distributors start unionizing and become their own bank, one of the most powerful bankers, Rob Argent, sets out to destroy them and make marijuana illegal again. Twin brothers battle it out in the fight between good vs evil, yin vs yang, bankers vs stoners. 
Bannan|2014|Mairi MacDonald returns home to the island which she deserted eight years ago. She left to escape her family, the place, its claustrophobia and its customs". Mairi initially returns for the funeral of a family friend. 
Banned in the UK|2005|Controversy and censorship 1995-99, includes CRASH and KIDS, alcopops, Beaver Espania ad, corporal punishment, gays in the army, the Sensations and Mapplethorpe exhibits, David Hamilton's teen pics, Marilyn Manson and the Dunblane massacre. 
BannÙ bunka nekomusume Dash|1998|It's in the not too distant future. One day Nuku-Nuku dropped in and began to live with the Natsume family. Having lost her memory, Nuku-Nuku assumed the identity of a beautiful girl named Atsuko Higuchi. She was so beautiful and gentle, and besides, she was such a great cook that Ryunosuke, 14, was all smiles. However, after her arrival in town, a series of mysterious incidents started to happen in Maneki City - Experimental machines running haywire, roaring fighter aircraft flying low, mass destruction in the city. In every case, a mysterious girl was spotted at the scene of the incident. 
BannÙ bunka nekomusume|1992|When Ryunosuke's pet cat is fatally injured, his slightly mad father saves the feline by putting its brain into a cute and cuddly robot school girl's body. Meanwhile, Ryunosuke's mother uses major military equipment to try and regain custody of her son. 
Banoo Main Teri Dulhann|2006|Dulhan is the love story of an innocent, illiterate girl Vidya and a mentally challenged young man Sagar. Vidya, on the night of her marriage, comes to know about Sagar's abnormal mental state of an eight-year old child due to an accident in the past. The story deals with Vidya's struggle in gaining Sagar's love and trust and the hurdles that she faces for the same from Sagar's evil step sister Sindoora. 
Banshee|2013|Lucas Hood, an ex-con and master thief, assumes the identity of a murdered sheriff where he continues his criminal activities. His past seems to haunt him by those he betrayed years earlier. This ex-con imposes his own brand of justice where violence erupts at every turn in the not so quiet Amish town of Banshee, Pennsylvania. A man has just been released from jail after serving a 15-year sentence. He sets out to find his former girlfriend, and tracks her down to Banshee, Pennsylvania, a small, peaceful-looking Amish town. When he gets there he is witness to the murder of the newly-arrived Sheriff, Lucas Hood. As he needs to start a new life, and nobody knew what the new Sheriff looked like, he assumes his identity. Little does he realize the danger he has put himself in. Meanwhile, his pre-prison past is catching up with him too. 
Bantatay|2010|Meet television's newest canine hero - a lovable, frisky and intelligent yellow Labrador called Bantay. This canine hero takes center stage in GMA7's newest primetime drama about an extraordinary bond between a dog and his master. A touching and inspiring interpretation of a father's undying love for his children and his special relationship with the so-called 'man's best friend', Bantatay is an original concept that revolves around a family who loves dogs. Leading the cast of Bantatay is action star-turned-comedian Raymart Santiago, who will breathe life to the character of Bernard. A loving and kind-hearted father who works as a veterinarian, his character will die in the story but by a startling twist of fate, returns to life in the body of a Labrador Retriever named Bantay. 
Banyon|1971|Miles Banyon was a tough but honest private detective operating out of Los Angeles during the '30s. For $20 a day plus expenses, Banyon would take almost any case, ranging from missing persons to theft to murder. Since his office was located in the same building as Peggy Revere's secretarial school, Banyon found himself with a different pretty receptionist almost every week. His police contact was Sgt. McNeil. 
Banzai|2001|In the first episode we see how long Mr Shakehands is able to hold Donna Air's hand? We watch as two old ladies play 'chicken' on their mobility scooters, and Ian Smith (aka Harold Bishop from Neighbours) plays 'knock down ginger'. Also, who will win 'The Wig Man Wager'? (Who is wearing the wig and who has his own hair?) 
Bapmokja and Haeppy|2016|Welcome to korea and to BapMokja and Haeppy. We are going to show you the hottest/interesting K-trends with our show called "twoplustwo," a variety show of challenges, reviews, games and discussions. Hope you enjoy our videos, and if there's anything you want to know, please leave a comment and let us know. 
Bar Flies|2012|You never know what draws you to those hole in the wall bars but you always get the most interesting stories and people there. Meet the Bar Flies, Chad, Evan, Wayne, Sheri, Eve, Dan, and Jackson. The Pilot introduces some of the main characters as we follow the (mis)adventures of this crew as they unwind at their favorite hangout. 
Bar Karma|2010|Who's the bad guy? A man accidentally kills a serial killer. After a sleepless night, he finds himself in Bar Karma, where he asks if he did the right thing, or if he's as bad as the serial killer. They show him videos of him being hailed a hero for ending the serial killers streak of terror and also of him described as a villain by the serial killer's parents. Then he's shown a video of what might have happened if he didn't kill the serial killer, who goes on to be the worst murderer in recorded history. He is given the option to go back in time and relive the event. Will he make the same decision to kill the serial killer again or not? 
Bar Rescue|2011|In Spike TV's new series, Bar Rescue, Jon Taffer, one of the country's top restaurant and bar consultants, will give failing establishments one last chance to succeed. The show will delve into every business facet of running a bar from creating a profitable drink/food menu to crowd management to music selection to managing disgruntled employees. This marks the first food/beverage-themed show for Spike TV, furthering its effort to expand and broaden its audience. Taffer will use his "in-your-face" style along with his renowned method of management called "Taffer Dynamics" to transform the bar into a vibrant, profitable establishment. He will utilize everything from state-of-the-art science such as eye tracking technology, monitoring of body temperature and even reading pheromone output in patrons in order to create an ambitious plan of action. Taffer will focus on one establishment per episode from cities all around the country. Taffer's wife, Nicole, will appear in the show along with a rotating group of experts. 
Bar Rescue: Back to the Bar|2015|"Bar Rescue" heads "Back to the Bar" to check up on some of Jon Taffer's most challenging rescues. This "where are they now" special features never before seen footage of what happened after the "Bar Rescue" cameras left town. Taffer and his team follow the revisited bars through an evening shift, re-inspect the facilities for cleanliness and answer the question on every "Bar Rescue" fan's mind: "did they follow Jon's advice or not?" 
Bara med Bruno|1997|The 40-something Bruno MÂrtensson has returned to Sweden from a successful career abroad. In his new talk show he invites a special guest every week and reveals the truth about him or her that they thought was forgotten. Hidden alcohol problems, a successful career as a soccer star in Brazil or crimes committed long ago, nothing will stop Bruno from revealing the truth! 
Bara no jujika|2002|In the prime of his career as a TV ad director, Togo finds himself at a crossroads. His wife Sumiko hasn't given him any children, and because of it his mother Sae berates her mentally for this by giving her baby presents almost everyday, whether she likes it or not. One day he meets a woman called Aki whom he mistakenly takes for a model his right-hand man Kyosuke wanted to meet for another commercial. Aki is really a career woman living with her divorced mother Yuriko and younger sister Masami, who is married and has a daughter of her own. Due to her parents' divorce, as well as a traumatic experience when she was younger, she doesn't trust men at all. Her proposal to Togo, "I don't want a relationship with you, to get married to you, or even you giving me money. All I want is for you to help me have a child," seems shocking to him. But as the problems at home and at work bear down on him, and seeing the danger Aki puts herself in contacting other men who reject her proposal, Togo eventually accepts. Nonetheless, Aki remains stern that he have no contact with her or their child, and before you know it she's flown to New York by herself for graduate study. Four years later... Aki has returned from New York and is now raising Seiji, the child she had with Togo, with help from her friends Hinako, Eri and Junya. Junya has long had a crush on Aki and thus cares for Seiji as his real son. But Togo still has the same problems that led him to Aki in the first place. Sumiko still hasn't given him any children, and the atmosphere in the Kudo house remains as tense as ever. When he sees Aki and Seiji with Junya, he realizes how much he's been missing, and decides to help them out - like it or not, he's still Seiji's father, after all. Aki eventually makes him meet Seiji, and Togo's paternal instinct is awakened, fully throwing himself into, if not caring for him all the time, at least having him always in his heart. Of course, Sumiko finds out about this, and decides to strike back. Family and friends on both sides, seeing the three's attraction as not in their best interests, will conspire to keep Aki, Seiji, and Togo apart... 
Barack Obama's Cousin|2010|This explosive Episode 5 is about Barack Obama's Cousin who is walking her dog. The dog takes a dump on a neighboring lawn and a jogger passing by lights into Barack Obama's Cousin. The situation takes a positive twist when her sidekick shows the jogger the Barack Obama's Cousin Card. 
Barakamon|2014|As a punishment for punching a famous calligrapher, young handsome calligrapher Handa Seishu is exiled to a small island. As someone who has never lived outside of a city, Handa has to adapt to his new wacky neighbors, like people traveling on a tractor, unwanted visitors who never use the front door, annoying kids using his home as a playground, etc. Can this city guy handle all the crazy hardships? Find out in this wacky island comedy full of innocence and laughter! (Source: myanimelist.net) 
Barangay 143|2017|Bren Park after a tragedy stroked his family gives up his dream of becoming a great basketball player and swears never to play the sports he loved so dear. He goes to the Philippines where he reflects about himself and attempts to regain his passion in the game. Coach B, a legendary basketball coach in Manila whose son was killed a crime syndicate seeks justice by using the basketball which had a connection to his son's loss to find the culprits. He assembles a team of misfits to lead them to victory. Coach B finds himself needing a team captain and meets Ben Park who also has a tragic background relating to the ballgame. 
Barangay Teegang|2017|Barangay Teegang is a Filipino social media sitcom created by CJ Santos. The show will premiere on Tee Radio on September 1, 2017. The show is primarily centered on 2 story arcs. The first arc centers on the friendship of Jeff, Rhodman and Kurt, who was forced to transfer to a new apartment owned by Tita Malou and Don Roman who both claimed ownership to the house. Jeff is a culinary student who is friends with Rhodman, a varsity player and Kurt, a musician. The second story arc centers on the triangle love affair of Tita Malou, a widow and mother of Jinky and Jingle. Don Roman, a local gambling chief and Kap, the barangay captain. The kindness of Jeff, awkwardness of Kurt and comic relief of Rhodman is the main focus of the show. 
Barbara Mandrell and the Mandrell Sisters|1980|Country music superstar Barbara Mandrell hosted this Sid and Marty Krofft-produced music-variety series with her younger sisters, Louise and Irelene. Also helping out was Truck Shackley & the Texas Critters, a group of Krofft puppets that included five musicians and a dog. While most of the show's material centered on comedy sketches (including a regular play depicting the sisters' youths), the meat of the show remained rooted in country music. Each week, a well-established country star (e.g., Dolly Parton, Larry Gatlin, Charley Pride, the Statler Brothers and Marty Robbins) and an up-and-coming act of the era (including later superstar acts Alabama, Ricky Skaggs and Steve Wariner) made appearances, playing their biggest and current hits. The show played off the success of Barbara Mandrell's fast-exploding country career, which included sell-out concerts and a string of No. 1 hits (most notably, "Sleeping Single in a Double Bed" and "I Was Country When Country Wasn't Cool"); in fact, the Country Music Association named her Entertainer of the Year in 1980 and 1981. Louise Mandrell had some top 10 country hits of her own in the early- and mid-1980s. 
Barbara|1995|Whether she likes it or not the out-spoken, no-nonsense Yorkshire woman Barbara ('Gwen Taylor') has become the agony aunt, problem-solver for her extended family. Her husband, Ted ('Sam Kelly'), has the most amazing of adventures whilst driving his cab everyday whilst her outrageous son-in-law, Martin ('Mark Benton' (qv)), seems to investigate the most bizarre news stories for the local television station. Even at work she can't escape as she gets it in one ear from the other receptionist, Doreen ('Madge Hindle' (qv)), whose husband becomes involved in the most perverse of activities and in the other from her sister Jean ('Sherrie Hewson' (qv)) who positively enjoys relating her latest sexual conquests. Through it all Barbara struggles vainly on hoping one day for a quieter life! 
Barbarians II|2007|Under three generations of leaders know as the Merovingian dynasty a tribe in Europe called the Franks established an empire that comprised all of Gaul and its surrounding regions. This feat was accomplished through flirtations with the Roman empire and Catholic Church including military service and conversion to Christianity. 
Barbarians Rising|2016|As the Roman Empire expands, it encounters local populations that it considers 'barbarians', who fight back, effectively and savagely, dealing Rome one blow after another. Hannibal, Viriathus, Armenius, Spartacus and more strike back against Rome, some from without and some from within. See their struggles, their motivations, and the outcomes as these indigenous people's fight for survival, revenge and justice. 
Barbarians|2006|In Greece and Iran, Jones argues that the ancient Greeks and Persians were far from the Roman view of being effeminate and addicted to luxury. The Greeks valued science and mathematics, while the Persians had initially allowed multiculturalism among the different ethnic groups of its empire (until years of war with Rome). 
Barbary Coast|1975|19th-century government agent and master of disguise Jeff Cable operates out of a secret room in a San Francisco casino owned by his best pal Cash Conover. Conover is sort of a dandy, and would rather avoid trouble at all costs, but Cable's persuasiveness coupled with Cash's sense of duty and a weakness for the fairer sex shared by both men usually leads them into dangerous missions. 
Barbee Rehab|2017|Dr. Midge is still hold up on the roof waiting for reinforcements to arrive. Cop Ken is having nightmares? Who knew he even had a conscience? Ken is cleaned and ready. Dog Lover is now Halloween Barbee-what is this her 3rd or 4th Personality? Cat Lady has has taking the Dr. chair. Back up arrives in the form of a "Glinda the Good Witch". The drama is heating up in the rehab house. The "patients" are in for some strange shit. 
Barber Shop|2017|We meet 6 populations in transition via the microcosm of the local barber shop: in Rio de Janeiro, barber Pedro picks teenagers from the street to teach them a profession. The inhabitants of Clacton-on-Sea reflect on post-Brexit society. In South Africa, post Mandela era, the white middle class is degrading to poverty. Detroit's young and old inhabitants, each in their own way, have learned to overcome the city's bankruptcy. The Sahrawi refugees question the fight for their land. In India, hairdresser Soniya helps her clients to fight for women's rights. In every episode, a population finds itself on the verge of change and a barber plays his role. As opinion maker, as confessor, as story collector, as society barometer. Gradually, Barber Shop measures the state of our world, offering dialogue and human resilience as a hopeful perspective for the future. 
Barcelona 1992: Games of the XXV Olympiad|1992|Coverage of the archery (women's individual), athletics (men's high jump, men's hammer throw, women's 3000 m and women's javelin throw), badminton, baseball, basketball, boxing, canoeing (men's slalom K-1 and C-2), cycling (men's individual road race), diving (women's 3 m springboard), equestrian, fencing (men's sabre), field hockey, football, gymnastics (men's floor, vault, parallel bars, horizontal bar, rings and pommel horse), handball, judo (men's 60 kg and women's 48 kg), rowing, sailing, shooting (men's 50 m rifle three positions), synchonized swimming, table tennis, tennis, volleyball, water polo and weightlifting (men's 100 kg). 
Barcelona any 1|2009|Barcelona Year 1 is a documentary serial that meets again the main characters of Barcelona Year Zero one year later. Now they don't see the city the same way they did when they first arrived. They have got used to the new place and many good and bad things has happened to their lives. This time, we follow them closer: at home, at work, with friends and family and to their favorite spots in the city. 
Barcelona any zero|2008|Barcelona Year Zero is a documentary-series that shows the city throw the eyes of people that have been living in the city for a short while. In each chapter, people from different origins and social classes explain us how they experience the city. Top-executives, street sellers, hotel directors, taxi drivers, children in school age and even a seminarian talk about the same places of Barcelona, showing their contrasting views. A funny mix, sometimes dramatic but always surprising. 
Barchords|2000|From the depths of smoky bars and noisy clubs dwells the life force of rock and roll, it is in places like these that BarChords have their fingers on its pulse. A showcase of the music scene in the heart of North Carolina, BarChords takes the audience on a volume to ten, backstage, in the audience, and in your face ride through one of America's premier creative hubs. Here the experience doesn't end with the music alone but moves deeper into the mind sets of the musicians, the stories of the songs and the sometimes chaotic life of the rock and roll club, the rock and roll band and the rock and roll fan. So prepare yourself to go beyond entertainment and slip into a way of life. Welcome to BarChords. 
Barclays Premier League on NBC|2014|In the early Sunday match from week 2 of the 2017-2018 Barclays Premier League season, Huddersfield Town FC hosts its first Premier League match vs. Newcastle United FC, a battle of clubs that earned promotion from last year's Championship. 
Barda - Et rollespil|2006|This episodes plot is about a magician and a warrior. They are going on a quest to find the recipe for a machine. They have to go back in time to search for it, but the man with the time machine is always sleeping and is very hard to wake. But will they succeed? 
Barda|2006|The adventures have managed to find a map of Barda and it is important for their success. Unfortunately, it is captured by Orch Grakk and the other orchers. The adventures are led to emptiness where Grakk enchants them and puts them to work. In the emptiness there is also Egil and outer humans that has been capture. 
Bare Feet with Mickela Mallozzi|2014|Montreal's European history translates to its traditional dances from France, England, Scotland, and Ireland - Mickela gets a taste of this Old World feel at La Grande Rencontre Festival, while also experiencing the artistic modernity of this city. She also gets a first-hand lesson on dance for people with disabilities. 
Barefoot Contessa|2002|Ina celebrates Thanksgiving, at the barn, with her friend and neighbor 'Bobby Flay' (qv), who smokes a turkey and shares his recipes for easy 11-layer potato gratin and a seasonal heartland chopped salad. Meanwhile, Ina cooks orange-honey glazed carrots; bread pudding and a lemon-ginger molasses cake. 
Barefoot in the Park|1970|Based upon a play by Neil Simon (and a film), this gentle sitcom detailed the initial years of marriage between attorney Paul Bratter and his wife Corie, who lived together in a tiny studio apartment in New York City. 
Barely Beer Barons|2017|Barely Beer Barons shows how three friends found their path to brewery ownership and the promise of fresh craft beer for their San Bernardino, California-based brewery. The show chronicles Brew Rebellion's dream of brewing up a business, approaching the operation in their brand of unconventional, unfettered acumen. By their own accounts, "It's ugly, but it's all theirs." 
Barely Famous|2015|The daughters of David Foster a well respected musician in HollyWood (who was also step-father to Brody and Brandon Jenner) want to do a "non-reality" show about life in Los Angeles with the famous, craziness, plastic surgery, "celebrity for doing nothing" etc.. But they can only get the reality show division of VH-1 to take it on. A spoof on reality television, where two sisters (who are the real- life daughters of celebrity composer/ songwriter, David Foster) obsessively pitch their "docu-series," which highlights the superficial, and celebrity obsessed city of Los Angeles. 
Barely Legal Drivers|2013|Barely Legal Drivers - Series 2: 3. Renaldo and Zahra Britain's young drivers are some of the most dangerous in Europe. This series follows another 12 new drivers to see what they are really like behind the wheel. In each episode, two new drivers are let loose on the road in the family car for a week. The young drivers believe they are filming a slice of modern teenage life, but in fact it is all about their driving. The cars are fitted with state-of-the-art cameras and a hidden telemetry device to track their speed. Each of them takes three trips that test every aspect of their driving. Little do they know that their parents are watching their every move on the road. Nor do they have any idea that former traffic cop Judith Roberts and top driving instructor John Lepine MBE are judging their road skills. At the end of the three journeys, Judge Judith reaches a decision on each driver. If she hasn't liked what she's seen, she will hand out bespoke driving lessons that target bad habits. But if she thinks the novices are up to scratch, she will hand their parents the cash to buy them a car of their own. Twenty-year-old Zahra from Leicester is the baby of the family and has got used to her twin sister Fahra - older by just five minutes - and her mum constantly bailing her out. Now she's preparing to move to Manchester and leave them both behind for the first time. Can she cope? Driving could be the acid test that proves to her mum the time has come to let go. But Zahra is no natural born talent on the road. It took her six attempts to pass her test. Can her mum bear to look? In south London, 18-year-old Renaldo has just started his first year at uni and has thrown himself into the nightlife. But his mum Nadine raised him as a strict Christian and Skypes and phones to ensure he is getting himself to church. Renaldo is pulled in two directions. Little does he know that his mum is about to see how he deals with temptation, first-hand. Over the week, Zahra and Renaldo make three road trips, completely unaware that their parents are secretly scrutinising their driving, as are judges Judith and John. At the end of the three drives, Judith alone decides whether they are ready to be trusted with their own car or sent back to driving school for a refresher. 
Barend en Van Dorp|1990|Originally starting out as a weekly sports show, Barend en Van Dorp turned into a daily late night talk show in 1998. Together with former soccer player, now writer 'Jan Mulder (II)' (qv) they talk about the news of the day. Guest artists play music between the discussions. 
Baretta|1975|Tony Baretta is a street-smart, maverick undercover cop with the NYPD, who won't hesitate for a second to toss the rule book out the window if it stands between himself and taking some bad guy off the street. His unconventional methods often land him in hot water with his boss (Inspector Schiller, later Lt. Brubaker), but as long as Baretta was getting the job done, there wasn't much they could do. Ex-cop Billy and Huggy Bear-wannabe Rooster were Baretta's main men on the street, and Fred was his pet cockatoo. 
Barflies|2013|"The Happy Ending Bar" sends four bartenders across the country in an effort to find the perfect location to open their next establishment. The glamorous and unglamorous sides of the rock star life of bartending are revealed in this knock down, drag out romp through high end, high-class nightclubs to hole in the wall, backwoods, hillbilly, drunken barfight ridden watering holes. We'll see not only what goes on in front of the bar but behind the alcohol curtain - Set ups, clean ups, hook ups, shut downs, and nervous breakdowns. Whoever said bartending was easy was drunk off generous over-pours. These guys work and party hard from town to town living off just their charm and their tips; both of which fluctuate dramatically from night to night... What works in LA just might get you cold-cocked in South Dakota. Lord forgive them for they know not what they'll do in the Bible Belt. Never being sure if they'll make enough money to get to the next city takes a toll on the best of friends. Throw in an RV, a stake in the bar-to-be, an endless supply of women and alcohol, egos, libidos, and a shared toilet with poor ventilation, and you've got a recipe for reality show magic. Empty your bowels and cleanse your liver before you hop on board this fast paced, fucked up road trip across the land of the free and the home of the depraved. 
Bargain Hunt|2000|Bargain Hunt - Series 39: 30. Norfolk 29 Tim Wonnacott is joined by two top teams of antique enthusiasts at the Norfolk Showground. The teams are accompanied around the fair by experts Paul Laidlaw and Catherine Southon. Tim is bowled over by a spherical curio and the auction reveals some surprise results for one of the teams! 
Bargain Hunters|1987|"Bargain Hunters" was on the short list of game shows which attempted to use elements of the then-relatively new medium of home-shopping network services with those of game shows. Six contestants competed in this "Price is Right" copy, wherein the object was to spot merchandise bargains. Three games were played, with two contestants playing each game: "Bargain Quiz," where contestants had to decide if a merchandise item's price was a bargain and won points based on the number of correct guesses; "Bargain Trap," where the two contestants chose prizes and tried to avoid which among the five was overpriced; and "Bargain Busters," where the contestants were shown three prices to a single item, and won points based on correct choices. The three contestants who won their respective games played the "Super Savers Round," where they were shown seven items of merchandise and had to choose the three that were the best bargains; the one choosing the prices representing the largest total bargain won all seven prizes. Throughout the show, viewers could call a special 1-800 number to order the merchandise items featured as prizes on the show. 
Barging Round Britain|2015|The broadcaster navigates the Kennet and Avon Canal from Bath toward London, as his exploration of some of Britain's best waterways and their history continues. Along the way, he proves hopeless at making beer barrels, a little better at stoking steam engines, and a real natural with Freddie the narrow-boat horse. 
Barinia: Food and People of the Mediterranean|2015|In this series, Patrick, Narelle and their dog Shadow take you on a stunning cultural and culinary voyage along the coastal landscapes of Southern Europe and Eastern Turkey. At each port they visit friends and celebrate the customs that are born of a deep connection between the land, the sea and the people. Their 25 year anniversary aboard a classic yacht called Barinia (which means 'Mistress' in Russian) is the centerpiece of the series. In the face of modernity and rapid change, Patrick and Narelle give a voice to the local characters and to a quest to preserve their meaning through precious traditions. This unique journey pushes beyond the veneer of common tourism and provides the viewer an insight on what it's like to live in these villages. Along the way Patrick and Narelle also explore significant historic, archaeological and architectural landmarks. At the heart of their search is a passion to discover how local knowledge is passed down through generations, and it is Patrick and Narelle's mission to both celebrate and preserve this way of life. Narelle, the yacht's chef, has developed a philosophy of simplicity, inspired by the creative and spontaneous cooking habits of the villagers. Armed with fresh seasonal produce and ingredients from each local market, she cooks aboard Barinia's small galley in true artisan tradition, creating culinary delights to share with guests along the way. It is a celebration of culture through food, wine and conversation. 
Baristas|2013|Take 4 coffee shop workers, one crazy boss, a slew of interesting customers, and put them all in compromising situations...there you have "Baristas". A laugh out loud comedy web series, about working in a neighborhood coffee shop, and dealing with life's little surprises. 
BarkFest|2017|Nat Geo WILD celebrates pawsome dogs with its inaugural BarkFest weekend, kicking off Friday, April 14. It's a weekend of all bark, no bite TV featuring some of the smartest, most unique and cutest canines in the world. There will be surfing dogs, service dogs, games to find out if your dog is a genius, Cesar Millan marathons and much more. Calling all dog lovers. 
Barkitecture|2005|Barkitecture gets families barking up the right tree! Each episode is the rags to riches story of a wayward dog finding a permanent home, and the family who welcomes the new pet into their lives. Hosts Dr. Karen Tobias and Kenny Alfonso walk the family through the adoption process and help them prepare for the dog's homecoming. Dr. Karen uses her experience as a veterinarian to give the family tips on how to care for their new friend and teaches them how to pick out the best supplies. Kenny designs and builds a stylish, custom doghouse that's safe and functional. 
Barley Charlie|1964|Joan and Shirley Muggleton are two sisters who inherit a run-down roadhouse/garage from their Uncle Ted in the fictitious locale of Frog's Hollow, located on the Hume Highway between Sydney and Melbourne (Australia). They also inherit Charlie Appleby, a lazy mechanic Charlie Appleby played by Edward Hepple. 
Barmageddon|2012|Seemingly insane conspiracy theorist Nate Schiller is the only person in the world who sees a connection between the 2012 Mayan End-of-the-World prophecy, aliens, and Butterfinger. With the help of hippie-dippy intrepid reporter Vicky Sweet, he tries to save the world - and make sure that nobody's gonna lay a finger on anyone's Butterfinger. 
Barn Hunters|2014|Sean and the guys at Bucks County Timbercraft are closing in on the completion of a barn relocation and transformation into a new barn home. Interiors include a stunning Great Room/kitchen, massive master bed and bath and basement man cave. 
Barnaby Jones|1973|Barnaby Jones was a former private eye who temporarily came out of retirement to track down the killer of his son Hal, who had taken over the family business. After bringing Hal's murderer to justice (with the assistance of fellow CBS gumshoe Frank Cannon), Jones decided retirement just wasn't his bag after all, and rehung his shingle with the assistance of daughter-in-law Betty, who ran the office and Barnaby's personal crime laboratory, and (later) young distant cousin Jedidiah, who did the cases' legwork. Former private investigator Barnaby Jones comes out of retirement to find the person who killed his son Hal. With the aid of fellow P.I. Frank Cannon, Barnaby eventually finds his son's killers. Barnaby then decides to come out of retirement and resumes his practice with Hal's widow Betty serving as his secretary. A few years later, Barnaby's cousin Jedidiah (a.k.a. J.R.), a law student, seeks Barnaby's help in finding the killers of his father. Just like a few years earlier, the two find the men who killed J.R.'s father and as a result J.R. decides to stay on with Barnaby working as his legman while he is studying law. Their contact on the L.A.P.D. is Lt. John Biddle. 
Barney & Friends|1992|Hey kids! Pick your feet up off the floor; it's time to dance with the dinosaur - Barney, that is, in this high-energy song and dance revue. You can't help but twist and shout to these infectious grooves, a compliation of funky favorites and danceable debuts. When you're ready to get down to some serious singing and swinging, Barney's got the dino dancin' tunes you'll want to see again and again! Get ready to laugh and learn as Barney and his friends take a tee-riffic trip and learn about four-wheeled ways to get around! From fire trucks to dump trucks to bumping up and down in a little red wagon, you can travel anywhere and build anything when you use your imagination. 
Barney Miller|1974|Barney Miller is the kind of cop we'd all like to run into. He is always sensible. He maintains order over a squad room of detectives who gamble for a hobby, get hit on by anything in skirts, go to renaissance philosophy conventions for fun, and would really prefer to be writing. Nearly all of the action takes place in the squad room where the citizens and criminals are brought in to complicate the mix. 
Barnwood Builders|2013|Mark's clients want bigger and bigger antique log homes, but the pioneers didn't build big log cabins. They did build big barns, though, so the guys try to build a 1200 square foot cabin using barn beams from their Boneyard inventory. And Mark's friend shows up to make a one-of-a-kind whiskey tap out of an unused beam end. 
Baron noir|2016|Between the first two rounds of the French presidential election, Mayor of Dunkirk Philippe Rickwaert, the friend and personal advisor to the Socialist candidate Francis Laugier, is warned there will be a financial investigation in a social housing office in Dunkirk which he misused to finance the campaign. 
Baroness Von Sketch Show|2016|This show, a sketch comedy, has a decidedly female bent. It is written by a primarily female staff, and performed by an all female primary cast (with both female and male supporting players). They tackle a variety of subjects, most dealing with current cultural topics of everyday life, but from a female perspective. Unlike most sketch comedy shows of the day, the sketches in this show are rapid fire in that they are relatively short - none lasting more than approximately five minutes, with most being in the one to two minute range - and are filmed largely on location, rather than on a sound stage or in a studio in front a live audience. 
Baroque! From St Peter's to St Paul's|2009|Baroque. From St Peter's to St Paul's was a three-part BBC Four documentary series on the painting, sculpture and architecture of the Baroque period. It was written and presented by Waldemar Januszczak and first broadcast in March 2009. It is named after its start in the square of Saint Peter's Basilica and its end at St Paul's Cathedral. In this spectacular three-part series, Waldemar Januszczak explores the Baroque tradition in many of its key locations. Starting in Italy and following the spread of the wildfire across Europe and beyond, he takes us on a tour of the best examples of Baroque to be found, and tells the best stories behind those works. 
Barracuda|2016|Danny Kelly is a talented swimmer attends a prestigious Melbourne private school on a sporting scholarship. Working class, half Greek and half Scottish, he cops his fair share of harassment from the privileged students. Danny yearns to win swimming gold at the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games. He is taken under the wing of highly regarded coach, Frank Torma and develops a friendship/rivalry with teammate Martin Taylor which inspire Danny to become Australia's youngest swimming champion. 
Barrier Reef|1971|Ted King is captain of research ship New Endeavor in the waters of the Great Barrier Reef. His crew is a mix of divers like Jack and scientists studying the ocean's mysteries. They have at their disposal the latest high tech gear and mini subs. 
Barriga de Aluguel|1990|Ana Paranhos de Alencar ('C·ssia Kis Magro' (qv)) and her husband Zeca Alencar ('Victor Fasano' (qv)) wish very much to have a baby. After several attempts to become pregnant, they consult the gynecologist Dr. ¡lvaro Barone ('Adriano Reys' (qv)), who tells Ana she can't have children. He suggests the couple contract a surrogate mother. So they do, for USD 20,000. However, during her pregnancy, the surrogate mother, Clara Ribeiro ('Cl·udia Abreu' (qv)) gets affectionate feelings for the child in her, and even more so when she learns that she can't have more children after this difficult pregnancy. Clara refuses to surrender the child, and elopes with him. A court battle ensues, and Clara argues she is the genetic mother of the new born. Ana fights for the child, arguing that the ovum was hers, and the spermatozoa was her husband's. The novel was originally broadcast during nine months, and all Brazilians were discussing Ana and Clara's rights, and the problems arising from the science's new possibilities. 
Barrio SÈsamo|1979|In Spain, they didn't just dub the original "Sesame Street" and then broadcast it. They combined it with new material made in Spain. "Barrio Sesamo" combines an original spanish episode with "Sesame Street" footage dubbed to spanish. This program has passed through three periods. In the first period, which comes from 1979 to 1980, Caponata, the spanish name for Big Bird, lives in a street where all the neighbours are friends and live happily. Perezgil is Caponata's best friend. In the second period, from 1983 to 1987, the most succesful in Spain, Espinete is a big pink hedgehog that has a lot of friends in the street where he lives. His best friend is Don Pimpom. The third period, the most recent one, started around 1995, and I don't know the exact year when it finished. Here Blucky is the new main character and the single episode format of the two previous periods is changed by short sketches combined with Sesame Street footage. It never reached the same succes the Espinete period had and went away. 
Barrios|2004|Fepe is a upcoming salsa singer...but the business of singing is not very good, so Fepe starts working as a Guard in a housing building...he starts to fall in love with a beautiful lady, but his love for his salsa and his "barrio" is strong too. He will have to decide. 
Barry'd Treasure|2014|In this episode of Barry'd Treasure: Barry and Kenny go on an Evel Knievel leather quest that takes them all over Los Angeles. Along the way they record a "banging" song, see their cartoon counterparts, and Barry breaks one of Evel's records. 
Barrymore on Broadway|2000|3 part documentary about the history of the musical, following Michael Barrymore's first ever trip to New York. Shot entirely on location in Manhattan and London. Interviewees included Bernadette Peters, Elaine Paige, Gwen Verdon, Andrew Lloyd-Webber, Cameron Mackintosh, Tim Rice, Marlene Danielle 
Barter Kings|2012|Steve wants a speed boat for his family to take to the lake on the weekend. He starts with Elvis gold records and hopes he can trade-up to it. Antonio decides to start with a laptop to see if can trade-up to something bigger and badder for a payday 
Barut|2017|Tarkan Barut is a hitman who fights evil. One night he got a phone call that throws himself in the middle of a difficult duty. This task, which started as business as usual, it will wobble as a result of things that went wrong and it causes to shift him from the timeline with a quantum reactor. 
Barvikha|2009|They can have everything. The best resorts and the most beautiful clothes. The most fashionable mobile phones and the most expensive cars. But the money of their parents will not help them to buy love, friendship and the right to be themselves. It has to be achieved on their own. They are students of the senior class of a high school in Barvikha. But not all the students in this class are children of the rich from 'Rublevka'. Some of them are ordinary guys who are trying to become ones belonging here. They don't fight with each other. They don't try to prove that someone is better. They just want to find their place in life. One of them wishes to become a fighter without rules, one - a known rock star, another one - just to marry a son of rich and successful parents. They already consider themselves adults. The surrounding world thinks otherwise. Each of them is capable of true Deed. And each of them is capable of base trick. It's time to decide which one their life will be full of. Deeds or base tricks. Friends or enemies. 
Baseball Bunch|2006|In development for network, the new "Baseball Bunch" kids TV series; Set to air in 2009 will be hosted by a baseball legend Joe Torre & the Phillie Phanatic. Each week the show in a instructional comedic fashion; with celebrities from Baseball, Music, TV and film visiting the Phanatic and a team of kids known as the "Baseball Bunch". The pilot features cameos the likes of Baseball's Jose Lima, Scott Rolen, ABC's Harold Reynolds, Jimmy Kimmel, actors Tony Todd, Bobcat Goldthwait and J.K Simmons. 2nd run show co creators is Steve Church... inspired by a series in the 80's; then starring Reds Hall of fame catcher Johnny Bench and the San Diego Chicken. 
Baseball Wives|2011|When Jordana feels snubbed by Erika and the other ladies, she aligns herself with the only other Baseball Wife she feels will have her - Anna. Also, Cheri and Chantel plan a getaway with plans to leave a certain troublemaker in the group behind. 
Baseball|1994|Ken Burns relates the history of baseball in a fashion similar to that of his Civil War mini series. Old-time photos and illustrations depict the games early years, while newsreels and video clips highlight more recent developments. Players and participants speak in their own words, and sports writers and broadcasters offer commentary on the sport and events they witnessed. A documentary of America's past time (baseball) and the history of the legendary game and how it changed our culture and lives. It includes the shaping of the game itself and how records were broken and how baseball United Americans and slowly began to deteriorate racism in the late 1800's to early 1900's. The game and sport of baseball is worth a lot more today than many people of our nation seem to realize. It takes a closer look into some players and teams as well as the sport as a whole. 
Bashar Momin|2014|Rudaba is an innocent girl who is engaged to her father's friend and neighbor Buland Bukhtiar. Buland lives in America and works for World Bank. One day Rudaba and Buland's father are at the sea view and dies in a robbery. Rudaba is forced to live with her elder brother Adil and his wife. Adil works as a front man for his brother in-law Bashar who is a money launderer. Basher can do anything for his sisters specially Tayyaba whose two engagements have been broken. During all of this Buland comes back and falls in love with Rudaba. Now at one side love is flourishing between Rudaba and Buland and on the other side Bashar is scheming to marry his sister to Buland. 
Bashnya|2010|The tower is the highest building in modern Moscow. It is a symbol of ambition, success and status. At once a terrible explosion will transform the tower into the place of imprisonment of heroes. In isolation from the outside world they will be looking for a salvation to themselves. They will cry for help, try to find the culprit, lose hope, betray each other, feel pity for themselves, remember the past, dream about the future, feel despair. Trying to find a logical explanation for what is happening they inevitably reach an impasse together and one by one. These are people, for whom space is suddenly narrowed, preventing the usual picture of the world. They will be forced to change themselves, gradually realizing that the solution of this problem is not at the entry. The tower will become an infernal machine for redemption, giving chance to survive. We will see how many trials modern men need to go through to find themselves again in this world. The tower will be exploded. 
Basic Adventuring 101|2016|Our story is told through the eyes of Karen, a new LARPer who is unsure how she is going to fit in when she joins her older sister's overly enthusiastic adventuring group. Reclusive Karen is thrown headfirst into the fantasy world where magic flows freely and conflicts are resolved with the blade of a sword. Things seem to be going well until she mistakenly opens a mysterious treasure box, releasing an evil into the world that has been kept secret for aeons. Working together with new friends, she'll have to undo the damage she's caused, learn the rules to the game, and avoid dying if at all possible. Like LARPing in general, it's full of exciting action scenes, swashbuckling adventurers, heroes, evil monsters, terrifying apparitions, and - most importantly, some would say - bacon. 
Basic Up|2008|Basic Up is a reality series that follows young men and women as they join the Canadian Forces starting from the recruiting office through the rigors of basic training and beyond. For the very first time, viewers can share the experiences, the goals and aspirations, the triumphs and defeats! 
Basilisk: KÙga ninpÙ chÙ|2005|The year is 1614 AD. Two warring ninja clans, each supporting a son of Hidetada Tokugawa as the next shogun, send ten representatives each to fight to the death for the possession Tokugawa government for the winning clan for the next thousand years. 
Basket Fever|1993|Hooper the grasshopper arrives in Dog City that he finds is divided into two rival zones -one controlled by The Hawks and the other being the domain of The Dynamics. Acting as a kind of go-between and intermediary, all the old scores are sportingly settled on the basketball court in games that test the limits of fair play, friendship and bravery. 
Basketball Wives LA|2011|It's hell on wheels at Malaysia's 80's-themed roller skating party when Laura is confronted about her treatment of Jackie. Also, Gloria shoots an explosive scene from her web series and the girls discuss an upcoming trip to Fashion Week in NYC. 
Basketball Wives|2010|On Basketball Wives, we'll follow the extraordinary lives of 6 women who are best friends as they juggle the success and stresses of building businesses, battling groupies, and searching for stability in the unstable arena of being the significant other to a basketball superstar. 
Basketball|2013|Drama series is set within the turbulent period between the Japanese colonial era and the division of Korea into North and South. Kang San is from a poor family. He struggles to get away from poverty. Through the game of basketball, he becomes successful and meets a girl from the upper class. He dreams of their love overcoming the disparity in their social standing. 
Baskets|2016|Chip Baskets has a dream: become a classically trained French clown in Paris. Things don't go as well as he'd like, though, largely because of an impenetrable language barrier. With his lack of success overseas and mounting financial problems, Chip moves back home to Bakersfield, Calif., which presents other challenges for the wannabe jester. Going back home means having to confront his past, and compete with his siblings for his mother's approval. Even though he didn't make it as a clown in France, Chip is sort of living his dream -- as a rodeo clown. 
Bass 2 Billfish|2010|Guest Doctor Sarah Collins and her buddy Eileen join Peter for some great fishing in Marco Island, Florida. They caught Redfish, Trout, Black Drum, Flounder and some Golf Course Bass! They also stopped of at Capt. Brien Spina's Off The Hook Comedy Club for some great food and laughs. 
Bass Pro Shops AWA Whitetail Pro Series|2010|Follows the road to the crowning of the AWA World Champion, beginning with the four Whitetail Pro Series qualifying events. Unlike other hunting competitions, AWA events use advanced digital scope technology to record kills made with blank cartridges, rewarding hunters who take shots at mature whitetail deer. 
Bass Pro Shops: King of Bucks|2009|The dream of every whitetail hunter - Getting the monster buck that stalks your imagination. King of Bucks TV brings your dream to life, as it is a show dedicated to portraying 100% whitetail hunting. Not just big deer or nice looking deer, but world-record deer! 
Bass Pro Shops: The Next Generation|2005|A multiple Telly Award Winning, exciting new style of outdoor TV show! It's hosted by four teenagers who grew up in the outdoors: fishing, hunting, camping, kayaking, and hiking. They're passionate about what they do and want to share these great experiences with you. Every week the Bass Pro Shops Next Generation hosts will take you on amazing adventures from destinations across the country. From Florida to Wyoming and everywhere in between, tune in as they entertain and inform viewers about how to be successful in the outdoors. 
Bassie & Adriaan|1978|Clown Bassie and acrobat Adriaan work in a circus. They seem to attract criminals and when Adriaan and Bassie manage to get a few arrested one criminal in specific devotes his life to making sure the two will never be able to do that again. 
Bassie en Adriaan en de diamant|1979|The clown and acrobat are honored for their help capturing the villains of a diamond heist, and are presented a diamond worth 10 million Gilders, called 'The Bassie and Adriaan'. However, when the villains break out of prison, they're out for revenge on Bassie and Adriaan. They do so, by completely dressing up like the clown and acrobat and steal the diamond. When witnesses see the heist, they suspect the real Bassie and Adriaan. After being falsely accused, they have 72 hours to proof their innocence and find the real thieves. 
Bassmasters|1985|Each week, host Ray Scott takes his viewers (and a celebrity guest) to different lakes around the United States, providing valuable fishing tips and information. 
Basta|2011|Trying to expose some of the contradictions in life, the creators of 'Neveneffecten' target greedy or overly bureaucratic corporations and instances by using their own rules against them. But sometimes the viewers themselves are subjected to a moral question too. 
Bastard Boys|2007|The true story about the war on the Australian waterfront, when on the 7th April 1998, Chris Corrigan and the Liberal Government at the time, conspired and illegally dismissed the unionised workforce. The series tells the story from both sides, and how the Maritime Union of Australia fought diligently to get the some 2000 sacked workers their jobs back. 
Basu sutoppu|2000|A bumbling bus driver begins to fall for a sophisticated young doctor after he sees her riding his bus late at night. They start to become attracted to each other, but they both have problems (including the differences in their social status) and romantic entanglements keeping them apart. Will they be able to overcome their differences and find happiness together? 
Basutado!! Ankoku no hakaishin|1992|It is 500 years in the future. The world has been destroyed by an unspeakable evil, and has grown back in the old feudal form of kingdoms. It is roamed by monsters. The kingdom of Meta Rikana is under attack by the evil wizard Abigail. The mages have put up a seal, but it is only a matter of time until the seal gives. The 15 year old daughter of the greatest priest, Yoko, has been given a spell by her father to summon forth the greatest warrior of their kingdom, from an innocent (her best friend, a 15 year old boy), by a kiss. This warrior is Dark Schneider, a warrior that tried to conquer the world 15 years ago, but was imprisoned inside the body of the boy. Now, he is both the boy and Dark Schneider, and protects Meta Rikana, and his friend/love, Yoko, while exploring his past in encounters with old enemy Ninja Master Gara, and former love, half-elf Arshes Nei. 
Bat Masterson|1958|In the early 1880s near Denver, Colorado Bat is with his long time friend and railroad tycoon Hugh Blaine on a trip to examine the ranch and cattle Blaine bought. The 20,000 acre ranch with 9,000 head of cattle is an investment for Blaine. Upon arriving at the ranch Bat and Blaine are told by Blaine's secretary David that there are only 200 head of cattle and the buildings have been stripped. Blaine returns to the real estate agent Lemuel Carstairs who sold him the ranch to cancel the deal. Carstairs says the seller is gone with the money and he has taken his commission. Meanwhile, Bat is dealing faro but losing gambler Powers implies Bat is cheating so Bat kicks him out. As Bat expects, Blaine comes to him for help. Bat holds out for a fee of $1000 to take the job. He visits Carstairs office saying he wants to use his winnings to buy a ranch and cattle. Carstairs indicates he might have a deal as Bat expects. Hoping to gain access to Carstairs affairs, Bat takes his beautiful blonde secretary out for lunch. As they leave Powers enters asking about Katie and Bat. Bat has Blaine provide $15,000 while giving him instructions but Bat's plan finds him digging his own grave. 
Batalha dos Confeiteiros Brasil|2015|Buddy Valastro arrives in Brazil to find who will be The Next Great Baker. 14 contestants will fight for the chance to work at the new Carlos Bakery that will open in Sao Paulo Brazil. Blood, sweat and tears to find out who is going to win the Batalha dos Confeiteiros Brasil. 
Bates Motel|2013|"Bates Motel" is a contemporary prequel to the genre-defining film "Psycho," and gives a portrayal of how Norman Bates' (Freddie Highmore) psyche unravels through his teenage years. Fans discover the dark, twisted backstory of Norman Bates and how deeply intricate his relationship with his mother, Norma (Vera Farmiga), truly is. The show starts out as Norman Bates being portrayed as a regular young man. As the show goes on, Norma and Norman's relationship gives us insight to how Norman came to be the way he is. An intricate back story to Norma's life is revealed and Norman's psyche slowly starts to unravel, long before the events way down in the fruit cellar. 
Batgirl: Spoiled|2012|Stephanie Brown has never led a charmed life, but as part of Gothams famed "Bat Family" she has thwarted many themed evil-doers and become extremely skilled in her trade. Her word now is filled with adrenaline and danger, duty and honor. She has been striving her entire life to get here, but is this really what she wants? 
Bath Crashers|2010|A small, moldy bathroom is turned into a large, warm space that features spa-like amenities, including a large hammered copper slipper bathtub, a two-sided fireplace and a shower with a pebbled floor; pennies are turned into tiles for an accent wall. 
Bathtastic!|2008|What can you do to your bathroom with just a few days to work and some elbow grease? More than you can imagine. DIY Network expert Matt Muenster shows you the possibilities in the series BATHtastic! In each episode you'll learn about cutting-edge new materials, amazing design tips and essential DIY know-how that will revitalize any bathroom, great or small. It's one of your favorite and most widely used rooms in the house, so treat your bathroom to a quick upgrade to take it from bath to BATHtastic! 
Batman Beyond|1999|At least 40 years after the "current" adventures of Batman and 20 years after Bruce Wayne retired from the role, his secret is discovered by troubled teen Terry McGinnis. After McGinnis' father is murdered by the man who took over Bruce Wayne's company, McGinnis dons a high-tech Bat suit that Wayne last used, creating a new hero for a future Gotham. Bruce Wayne a.k.a. Batman is in his 50's and has created the ultimate Batsuit but is no longer fully able to do the job so places the suit away and vows to never use it. Several years later and into the next century there's a new breed of criminal terrorizing Gotham City but Bruce has kept his vow. Terry McGinnis, a teenager whose father was killed because he was going to expose criminal activities at the company that he works for which just happens to be Wayne Enterprises. Terry comes across Bruce as he was being beaten by some thugs, he takes him to the mansion and he discovers the Batcave and the Batsuit; he takes the suit to get the people who killed his father. Afterwards Bruce decides to make him the new Batman and train him. 
Batman Beyond: The Series|2015|Twenty years after Bruce Wayne has decided to retire the Batman persona, Gotham City is now a futuristic megalopolis furnished with new, dangerous technology and villains to match. Terry McGinnis continues the battle against crime as BATMAN, tutored by Bruce, and aided by a new high-tech Batsuit that augments his abilities, fires batarangs from the wrists, flies, and provides camouflage abilities. This Batman of 2040 comes to have his own rogues gallery, such as the seductive shapeshifter Inque and The Jokerz, a gang idolizing the Joker. 
Batman|1966|Wealthy entrepreneur Bruce Wayne and his ward Dick Grayson lead a double life: they are actually the crime-fighting duo Batman and Robin. A secret Batpole in the Wayne mansion leads to the Batcave, where Police Commissioner Gordon summons the Dynamic Duo on the Batphone with the latest emergency threatening Gotham City. Racing to the scene of the crime in the jet-powered Batmobile, Batman and Robin must (with the help of their trusty utility-belts) thwart the efforts of a rogues gallery of flamboyant arch-villains, including the Joker, the Penguin, the Riddler and the Catwoman. To the unsuspecting public, and Police, they are Bruce Wayne, billionaire, and Dick Grayson, his nephew. However, to Alfred, their butler, they are Batman and Robin, scourge of Gotham City's criminals. Whenever the Police encounter a crime they cannot solve or criminal they cannot apprehend, it's Batman they turn to. 
Batman: Abyss|2013|It's a new Gotham. Tim Drake is dead. Harvey Dent is cured. The Joker is curiously content in Arkham. Batman has exiled himself from Bruce Wayne. The Riddler and Scarecrow have formed an alliance that threatens to unearth the darkest of secrets forcing the Dark Knight to enlist The Question to answer the steepest of questions. What is the last riddle? 
Batman: Black and White|2008|The janitor at Gotham's juvenile correctional facility recalls the chance meeting with Batman that set him on his path to redemption. / Even when nothing is left to chance, accidents can happen. When Batman makes a near fatal mistake he must call on another to come to his aid. 
Batman: The Animated Series|1992|Heir to the Wayne family fortune, Bruce Wayne lives by day as a seemingly lavish playboy millionaire socialite, but by night assumes the role of his crime-fighting alter-ego: the caped crusader known as Batman. Throughout the Animated Series, Batman receives help from sidekicks Robin and Batgirl, as well as Police Commissioner Gordon, in protecting the streets of Gotham City from a large rogue's gallery of criminals, lunatics and nemeses. This animated series conveys the dark mood of the original "Batman" comic books. Unlike the light action "Batman" show of the 1960s, Gotham City's Caped Crusader, Bruce Wayne, is sometimes moody. And Robin's alter ego, Dick Grayson, has a more-mature personality than in the original series. 
Batman: The Brave and the Bold|2008|Batman isn't going at it alone this time! From Warner Bros. Animation comes the latest interpretation of the classic Batman franchise. Our caped crusader is teamed up with heroes from across the DC Universe, delivering nonstop action and adventure with a touch of comic relief. Blue Beetle, Green Arrow, Aquaman and countless others will get a chance to uphold justice alongside Batman. Though still based in Gotham, Batman will frequently find himself outside city limits, facing situations that are both unfamiliar and exhilarating. With formidable foes around every corner, Batman will still rely on his stealth, resourcefulness and limitless supply of cool gadgets to bring justice home. 
Batman: The Darkest Night|2018|After suffering his greatest loss, Batman leaves Gotham after the darkest night of his life. The city falls deeper into turmoil as corruption and anarchy spread like wildfire. Upon his return, the hero Gotham needs is not the one they want and from the shadows, the callous Joker recruits his agents to bring down the city once and for all. 
Batoru FÓb‚ Jei|1979|When the Secret Society Egos plots to send the world into unforeseen chaos, General Tetsuzan Kurama of the National Defense Ministry assembles a team of five of his most trusted young agents. Each agent previously had training in a country they were formally residing in and use their skills as the "Fever Team" donning power suits that represents each country they are each familiar with. 
Bats|2016|When Bats loses his battle to Superman, he is suddenly powerless, moneyless and homeless...and bitter as hell. Bats, in search of a new living situation, finds his way to Alex, a no-nonsense lady who needs protection from her stalker ex-boyfriend. 
Batteries Not Included|2016|Some of the most accomplished toy, game, and content creators from the 80's and early 90's are pestered about their craft and motivations by filmmaker Josh Folan. 
Battery Park|????|When a wild child who became a cop to keep herself off the streets lands an LGBT hate crime that turns into the ugliest killing spree NYC has ever seen, she launches into a war to protect her own, only to discover that the father she never met is connected to the crime. 
Battery|2016|Seiha wants to play baseball while Takumi says he can't., but Seiha and Go are enjoying a game of catch. Takumi gets angry and throws the ball in the woods behind the shrine, and Seiha doesn't come home that evening. (C)2016 AtsukoAsano,KADOKAWA /Animation Battery Committee 
Battle 360|2008|As American forces prepare to invade the Phillipines the Japanese, now deficient in aircraft carriers and planes, change tactics to disrupt American amphibious landings with their massive battleships and use their aircraft carriers as decoys. The ruse leads to history's last battle between gunships and the largest navel battle in history. 
Battle B-Daman|2005|Raised by cats until he was five, Yamato Delgato's only dream was to play B'Daman-the official sport of the B'DaWorld. However, his dream comes true when he's chosen to wield the most powerful B'Daman ever; the legendary Cobalt Blade. Only he has skills to harness its power. This is his journey into the world of B'Daman as he learns valuable lessons and also tries to save the B'DaWorld from the evil clutches of the Shadow Alliance. 
Battle Castle|2012|Towering above the River Seine, Chateau Gaillard was built by King Richard I to assert England's authority over his French holdings. Its multiple walls, deep moats and ingenious geometry were designed to terrify any foe. In 1203, a French king and his massive army lays siege, determined to push the English from the continent. 
Battle Creek|2015|At Battle Creek's annual public breakfast festival, bullets wound mayor Hardy and the mascot of the local football team. They were shot by cellphone-triggered automatic rifle. Milt and Russ can't even be sure whether the intended target was the drug-abusive party-animal mayor or the gay student, but another attempt is made to assassinate the shameless politician. 
Battle Factory|2015|Battle Factory takes us into the hidden world of military and frontline gear factories all over the world, where raw materials become finished products. Battle Factory has unprecedented access and reveals how these things are made... right before the viewers' eyes. 
Battle Fantasy Chow Chow X|2016|After a bloody battle the warrior called, "The Dark One" challenges all to try to defeat her in a vicious battle. After that ends it cuts to our main character Katsu. He just an ordinary adventurous kid but when a terrible "accident" happens and a mysterious weapon shows up he realizes that a journey for him is about to begin. 
Battle Force: Andromeda|2003|For over one hundred years The Andromeda Galaxy has been under the tyrannical rule of Lord Xantar and his evil minions. Thousands of civilizations have had their freedom ripped away by his dominating hand. Most of those who have chosen to rise up and fight have never been heard from again. Thousands die each day of malnutrition in slave internment camps, Many are slowly beaten and tortured to death, Children are stripped of their innocence and forced to bury the mutilated bodies of the dead. For Xantar, has no conscience when the welfare of others is at stake. 
Battle Hero Absolute|2010|Inspired by the Japanese Superhero show Kamen Rider, Battle Hero Absolute is about a young man named Jay, who fights a human replicating alien species called the Clarion. Using the only Earth weapon capable of identifying and fighting the stealth menace, he is called upon to be the protector of the human race as the Masked Hero. All while juggling his college studies and his relationships with his girlfriend Jan and his former lover, but lifelong best friend Sunny who also moonlights as the 2nd Battle Hero. Both of whom have a peculiar fascination with the local superhero. 
Battle History of the U. S. Coast Guard|2004|This program chronicles the role of the Coast Guard in war and peace over its 200 years of service to the United States. The program details the Coast Guards critical roles in the Civil War, Spanish American War, the World Wars, Vietnam, the Persian Gulf, and the circumstances that prepared it to fulfill the many missions it has grown into. 
Battle Stations|2000|One of the most crucial weapons of World War Two's war in the Pacific was the aircraft carrier but it was also a compelling target. This program explains the critical role of the aircraft carrier in the battles of the Pacific with a major focus on the many unique dangers the sailors faced. 
Battle Tech|2005|The Stryker is a 19-ton, eight-wheeled, infantry carrier filled with state-of-the-art combat systems. In this program, we reveal the impressive technology and revolutionary capabilities of this vehicle, as well as the elite soldiers who operate them. 
Battle Universe|2016|Tim Tanker and Mark Hammer are USC film school graduates who works as trailer editors for the largest production company in California. Tim feels stunted in his career and the script he's been writing for five years is still on page 20. Tim and Mark''s new roommate and work colleague Shelley finds a box of treasures left to her by her late father. They are surprised to find among the pristine still in their package toys, an early Battle Universe script possibly handwritten by The Scribe himself. Mark and Shelley easily decided that as the truest fans of Battle Universe they must make the script, especially since it's in the scribe's own hand. They also realize this is a chance to get Tim to do what he was destined to do, direct. And the greatest adventure to make the greatest fan film of all time begins. 
Battle of the Ages|1952|A prime-time talent-contest game show in which children and adult celebrity teams competed for the "most talented team" prize, selected by the studio audience. If the children's team won, the prize money was contributed to the Professional Children's School; if the adults won, the Actor's Fund of America received the award. 
Battle of the Atlantic|2002|In the European Theatre of World War II, in no other factor was Britain closer to defeat than in the Battle of the Atlantic. With U-Boats, Vice Admiral Karl Dˆnitz planned to starve the United Kingdom into submission by sinking vital shipping. This series recounts the struggle of the Allies to find a means to combat this menace with new technology and tactics and breakthroughs in decrypting enemy messages. Taken together, the longest battle of the war is surveyed with the fate of the free world in the balance. 
Battle of the Brains|2006|BATTLE OF THE BRAINS is a 4 part TV documentary series that follows the journey of Australia's brightest student biologists, as they fight for a chance to represent their country and bring home gold at the International Biology Olympiad. Thousands try, twenty-four made the shortlist, but only four will make the Australian team. 
Battle of the Ex-Besties|2016|A $100,000 prize is on the line for seven pairs of former BFFs in this competition series that forces them to put past differences behind them to have a shot at winning the life-changing prize. The duos compete in a series of challenges. If a team loses a challenge, its members have the choice to compete for $50,000 or leave the competition. Losing two consecutive challenges gets rid of that option and results in immediate elimination. It is up to the contestants to determine if the potential payout is worth the betrayals, lies and past accusations they have to put up with while working with their former friends. 
Battle of the Network Stars|2017|Celebrity contestants include 'Ted Lange (I)' (qv), 'Troy Gentile' (qv), 'Jill Whelan' (qv), 'Denise Richards (I)' (qv), 'Joely Fisher (I)' (qv), 'Lance Bass' (qv), 'Joey Fatone' (qv), 'Adrienne Houghton' (qv) Houghton, 'Cameron Mathison' (qv) and 'Kelly Osbourne' (qv); team captains are 'DeMarcus Ware' (qv) and 'Ronda Rousey' (qv). 
Battle of the Planets|1978|Zoltar and his evil minions constantly attempt to either destroy or conquer the planet Earth. His efforts in this regard are constantly battled by G-Force, a group of five teenagers with high-tech vehicles, weapons, and a thing for bird-like costumes. Each member of the defense team has incredible, cerebrionic-enhanced superpowers. These teenaged orphans have pledged their lives to defend Earth and the Federation from Zoltar, ruler of the planet Spectra. G-Force's missions are coordinated from Center Neptune on Earth by their computerized assistant, 7-Zark-7. The sinister Great Spirit and his second-in-command, Zoltar - rulers of the planet Spectra - have developed plans to conquer the Earth and enslave its people and resources. The only thing standing between them and their goal of Spectran galactic domination is G-Force - a group of five orphans enlisted in defense of the Intergalactic Federation. Under the supervision of Security Chief Anderson and robot coordinator 7-Zark-7, G-Force finds itself in confrontation after confrontation, most involving massive Spectran war machines built in the design of animals or birds, and equipped with lethal weaponry. Evil aliens from the dying planet Spectra attempt to capture the Earth and its interstellar allies to plunder their natural resources. The Spectrans' ruthless leader, The Great Spirit, secretly controls his troops through his henchman, Zoltar. The Spirit will stop at nothing until the planets of the Federation, including Earth, belong to him. Who can stand in their way? Only G-Force. A team of five teenaged orphans consisting of Mark, Jason, Princess, Keyop and Tiny. Each member of the defense team has incredible, cerebrionic-enhanced abilities. These teenaged orphans have pledged their lives to stop the Spirit, Zoltar and their forces. G-Force's missions are coordinated from Center Neptune on Earth by their computerized assistant, 7-Zark-7. 
Battle of the Wedding Designers|2010|Xenia and Ezra's ideal wedding will combine the elegance of a Tiffany blue, platinum and white color palette with a relaxed Caribbean vibe. In this no-holds-barred face off, it's a tall order for the designers considering the couple's small budget. 
BattleBots|2000|Remote controlled robots fight to the death in a lexan-enclosed arena. Teams of robot builders come from all over the world with their creations to compete in head-to-head combat in four weight categories (Lightweight, Middleweight, Heavyweight and Superheavyweight). 
BattleField Detectives|2003|Researchers use satellite technology and archaeological finds to unearth the truth about Balaklava during the most celebrated battle of the Crimean War. How disastrous was the British cavalry charge--and who were the actual heroes in the defense? 
BattleFrog College Championship|2015|Traditional college rivalries heat up as 16 of America's best co-ed mud run teams battle for bragging rights and $10,000 in scholarship money. Catch the new sport of Sprint Obstacle Course Racing as teams go head-to-head against the ultimate obstacle course designed by former Navy SEALs. Win or go home in this bracket-style competition for the coveted Trident Cup. Hosted by Ron Pitts with analysis by Evan Dollard, Emily Reppert and Shawn Ramirez. 
BattleTech|1995|Based upon the strategy war game and set during events in the Blood of Kerensky Trilogy by Michael Stackpole, a small independent unit lead by Maj. Adam Steiner fights their way to their home planet of Somerset when news of an army of mysterious invaders calling themselves the Clans begin to conquer world after world in their ultimate goal to take Terra. The First Somerset Strikers, as the unit is called, is assigned to take the fight to the Clans and learn as much of the invaders as they can, all the while being pursued by an obsessive Clan Jade Falcon warrior named Nicholai Malthus. 
Battlefield Diaries|2003|Follow one "routine mission" gone wrong in this hard-hitting episode from the Military Channel series. On September 4, 2004, while en route to recover a downed Kiowa helicopter and rescue its two pilots, troops from Scout Platoon and B Company of the 5th Battalion, 20th Infantry Regiment found themselves in the midst of a brutal firefight. Iraqi insurgents, hoping to capture the chopper and its crew, relentlessly bombarded the approaching U.S. forces with rocket-propelled grenades and 60mm mortar fire. Hear actual testimony from the men involved as they bring this particularly fierce engagement to life and reveal its surprising outcome. 
Battlefield|1995|Six two hour programs describing the pivotal confrontations of World War II (France, Britain, Midway, Stalingrad, Normandy and Berlin). Each conflict is placed in the larger context of the global situation. Strategy and tactics are described in detail with excellent graphics. Archival footage from several sources includes rare film from the Moscow archives. 
Battlefields|2001|British military historian Professor Richard Holmes takes the viewer through four major battles of world war two. The Battles of Cassino, El Alamein, Arnhem (Operation Market Garden), & the RAF Bomber Command. An insightful overview of each of these diverse campaigns is given in each of the episodes. 
Battlefront|2001|After British forces withdrew in defeat from Greece to the island of Crete in early 1941, they were soon fighting German invasion armies again. This time, 5,000 of Hitler's elite paratroopers landed to complete their conquest in the Mediterranean. 
Battleground LA|2017|Battleground LA is a new original web series that follows best friends and roommates Nikki and Alec as they struggle their way through their choices, determined to enjoy life or at least not completely drown in a sea of cynicism. Without losing its sense of humor, the series' first season offers a gaze into the late-twenties, a.k.a the quarter life crisis, a.k.a the worst time of our lives. 
Battleground|1978|Each episode featured either a historic battle or a fictional battle, which opposing wargaming generals would fight using 25mm figures. The viewers were shown edited highlights during episode. Each episode represented different periods of history and/or different types of battles. Episode 1 - The Battle of Edgehill 1642 set during the English Civil War Episode 2 - Waterloo 1815 set during the Napoleonic Wars Episode 3 - Battle of the Nile 1798 (a naval battle - set during the Napoleonic Wars Episode 4 - Chalons sur Marne 451 AD (A battle between between a coalition led by the Roman general Flavius AÎtius and the Visigothic king Theodoric I against the Huns and their allies commanded by their leader Attila). Episode 5 - France, 1944 (An imaginary game set in Northern France after D-Day) Episode 6 - Gettysburg 1863 set during the American Civil War Each minute that was shown represented several hours of studio work. The series took over 5 months to make. 
Battleground: Rhino Wars|2013|Arriving in South Africa one week before the Poacher's Moon, a potential rhino poaching frenzy, a four-man team of US Special Forces train with a local anti-poaching corps to ready themselves to defend these endangered creatures from the onslaught. A war is raging just outside Johannesburg, South Africa. Each year, nearly 700 rhinos fall prey to poachers over the commercial demand for rhino horns, an exotic commodity more valuable than gold. With park rangers being murdered trying to protect the wildlife, former U.S. Special Operatives go on the front lines to help defeat the poachers before the rhinos become extinct. 
Battleground: The Art of War|2005|An in depth look at the tactics and strategy of Alexander the Great at the battle of Gaugamela. 
Battlegrounds: King of the Court|2005|Hosted by NBA 2-year veteran LeBron James of the Cleveland Cavaliers, this is the third installment of the Battleground series. This season, teams, instead of individuals, from two big cities in the U.S. play against each other to project which city produced the best team in the country. Illinois native Andre Iguodala of the Philadelphia 76ers assembles the team from Chicago and New York native Ben Gordon of the Chicago Bulls assembles the team from New York. Rap artist T.I. sings the theme song after the finals in Perkins Park in Akron, Ohio, LeBron's hometown. 
Battles BC|2009|Having conquered Egypt and archenemy Persia, the Greek emperor Alexander and his ambition look further east to India. As his forces encounter diverse adversaries they develop new tactics to add to their portfolio. But Alexander was unprepared for the incredible number of soldiers a confederation of Indian kingdoms could lead into battle. 
Battlestar Galactica|1978|The leaders of the Twelve Colonies of Mankind are making plans to sign a peace treaty with their mortal enemies, the Cylon Empire. On the eve of the ceremony, the Cylons betray the pact and destroy most of the Colonies and their entire fleet. Under the command of Commander Adama, the battlestar Galactica leads the remaining Colonial ships into space and seeks out a lost thirteenth colony, which turns out to be Earth. Along the way, the Colonials encounter various races (both friendly and hostile), the legendary human warrior Commander Cain, and the planet Kobol, the motherworld of all the Colonies. All the while, the Cylons - under the command of human traitor Count Baltar - closely pursue this fugitive fleet across the universe. In a distant galaxy, twelve planets bearing tribes of the race known as Mankind have been at war with a robotic alien race, the Cylon Empire, for a millennium. In the measurements used by the Twelve Colonies, it is the Yahren 7341, and a peace treaty is to be signed - a treaty that proves to be a ruse for the largest assault in the history of galactic warfare. With their defending warships destroyed and their homeworlds annihilated, the Twelve Tribes gather to their remaining warship, the battlestar Galactica, boarding every assorted star vehicle that will carry them, as their leader, Commander Adama, seeks out the one planet that will protect Mankind from the predation of the Cylons - a planet called Earth. As their journey proceeds, this fugitive fleet is closely pursued the Cylon forces under the command of human traitor Count Baltar. 
Battlestar Galactica: The Face of the Enemy|2008|The 10 webisodes, entitled "The Face of the Enemy," tell a story that takes place between seasons 4.0 and 4.5 of Battlestar and follow Lt. Gaeta when he is sent off in a Raptor with a handful of strangers and one of them mysteriously dies. The psychological human-vs.-Cylon struggle is played out in the restrictive confines of a Raptor as everyone is a suspect, and paranoia sets in among the group. 
Battlestar Galactica: The Resistance|2006|Battlestar Galactica: The Resistance is an online series that aims to fill in the gaps between seasons two and three of the Re-imagined Series. The webisodes can be viewed through the official web portal at Syfy.com. The webisode series was written by Battlestar Galactica veterans Bradley Thompson and David Weddle, and directed by Wayne Rose. The entire series is 27 minutes long in total, divided into 10 episodes. While the Webisodes are included in the Region 1 DVD boxset of Season 3, they are not included in the Region 2 version. They are, however, included on all Blu-ray releases. In particular, the Webisodes chronicle Duck's and Jammer's motivations to become suicide-bomber and collaborator, respectively. 
Battlestars|1981|"Battlestars" was a spin-off of Merrill-Heatter Productions' verenable "The Hollywood Squares." However, "Battlestars" had quite different rules. Two contestants, including a champion, competed; the six celebrities, all whom appeared a week at a time, sat in a two-tiered row of triangles, with the numbers 1 through 10 lighted at each of the triangle's corner angles. Each contestant used a plunger to stop a randomly flashing light; wherever the light stopped, that celebrity played (unless the light touched more than one triangle, in which case the contestant chose a celebrity). Host Trebek asked the celebrity a question, to which he or she would answer. The contestant had to decide whether to agree or disagree with the celebrity's answer. If correct, the contestant retained control, but if not, control passed to his/her opponent; either way, the number was lit. The player who lit the third number around a celebrity "captured" that star, with the background turning either blue (for the champion) or red (for the challenger). Slightly different rules were played if two (or sometimes, three) celebrities could be captured on a single question. The first player to capture three celebrities won $500 and played the Picture Round. In the Picture Round, the champion was shown a famous face, with all but three of sixteen segments blacked out; if he/she could identify the face with just three segments showing, they won $5,000. If not, more squares could be revealed (and celebrity help enlisted) at $1,000 each. After six months, the original "Battlestars" left the air, only to return again in 1983 as "The New Battlestars." In "The New Battlestars," the front game's rules were similar, except that once a contestant lit a number, he/she could choose their own numbers until they guessed incorrectly. Also, the celebrity's answer choices were shown to the audience but not the contestant. The completely retooled bonus game was called Battlestar Bonanza, with the champion playing with the three celebrities he/she captured in the front game. In the Battlestar Bonanza, the contestant was asked a series of three questions as per the front game, each celebrity having one question apiece. The celebrities had three answer choices; if the contestant disagreed, they had to choose what they believed was the correct answer from the remaining two choices. Correct answers were worth $500 each, with all three correct answers worth $10,000 in cash and prizes, plus $2,500 added for each day the Battlestar Bonanza was not won. Contestants competed until defeated or winning five games (at which point they also won a new car). 
Battling Garages|2010|Astro Tires Tycoon and Custom Cycles Guru Brent Barry, share location customers and mutual dislike. Other show regulars include Mary Lher Eddie's spendthrift girlfriend, Ted Way the resident redneck and two wacky Latin tire-changers. The show represents "Hot Chicks, Hot Bikes, and Hot Cars", with a large dose of automotive/cycling expertise. Couple that with the RAW behavior of Eddie and Brent and you have non-stop combustion. 
Batuki-l‡|2017|Each episode begins with a performance of a traditional or original song, followed by a interview of each artists. In all, three performances followed by interviews talking of their culture and origins, their specific styles and their recommendations for younger artist who are starting on how to be successful without letting go of your originality. Batuki-L‡ is a celebration of music, dance and stories told by artists of Africa. Each of the 12 episodes of the series presents dynamic performances and in depth interviews that show the artists, their background and explore their culture and ideas. 
Bauen auf Vergangenheit|2006|It has become a debated symbol of the city, right in the heart of Berlin: I.M. Pei's modern addition to the Royal Arsenal building, the "Kˆnigliche Zeughaus", houses the "Deutsche Historische Museum/German Historical Museum". This is an example of a Chinese-American architect building on "Prussian" history. This film is made up of fascinating and impressive images telling the story of a building that was once the royal arsenal, then the Prussian hall of honor, the East German Museum of national history and now the German Historical Museum. Two buildings represent two different epochs, two contrasting stories that are presented in a thrilling manner.... Diagonally opposite the Berlin City Palace on the "Unter den Linden" boulevard, a pompous baroque building was erected at great expense in 1695: the Armoury. It was used exclusively as the imperial weapons arsenal and was designed to make sure everybody noticed how big it was. In spite of all its ornamentation the building appeared too modern to many critics of the day, who claimed that it did not fit in to the cityscape. This film by Jeremy J.P. Fekete in the ARTE series "Building on the Past" illustrates the phenomenon by with the successful symbiosis of the armory and the Pei building. 
Baukunst|2001|The Bauhaus Dessau also known as Bauhaus Building Dessau is a building complex in Dessau, Germany, which from 1925 to 1926 developed according to plans by Walter Gropius as a school building for the art, design and architecture school Bauhaus. In 1933 the school was forced to move back to Berlin by the Nazis. 
Baxter|2010|Baxter is a half-hour live-action comedy that follows Baxter McNab and his friends on their journey through the unique, high-energy world that is Northern Star School of the Arts. At this school where the students will do anything they can to stand out, the stress of a math test is nothing compared to that dance solo, or music recital, or monologue, or - you get the idea. Though his irreverent style might rub some teachers the wrong way, Baxter knows that great friends are the key to survival, and that Northern Star is a crazy amazing way to spend high school. Think Glee meets Fame for kids! 
Bay Cove|1993|When Linda and Jerry move to a quiet and peaceful community of bay cove they welcome the towns centuries old charm virtually untouched by the conventions of modern life. But something is different about the small village; something dark is lurking in the shadows. As Linda begins to explore she discovers that all of the townspeople are members of a deadly witch coven- and add they await the reincarnation of their leader at the next full moon they are searching for their next human sacrifice. 
Bay State|1991|Set at fictional Beacon Hill College in Boston, "Bay State" is a videotape soap opera shot in Boston that follows the lives of back-stabbing, angst-ridden college students. It is currently the longest-running college program of its kind. Storylines are typical of daytime dramas and has even featured guest appearances by such daytime soap stars as Kristian Alfonso, Alison Sweeney, Austin Peck, Lisa Rinna, Robert Kelker-Kelly, Kelly Menighan-Hensley, Diego Serranno, Elizabeth Kiefer and Martha Byrne. Actor/Comedian Jon Stewart even guest-starred as himself. "Bay State" has aired across the country on a variety of college television stations, but it was its 1995 appearance on MTV that brought the show true national attention. "Bay State" is a cornerstone of the program schedule of BUTV 10, the station founded in Spring 2006. 
Bay of Plenty|2007|Shot on location in Durban, Bay of Plenty tells the story of a fictional group of lifesavers and their friends. We follow their dreams, their exploits and betrayals, against the high - stake, high - risk dramas played out on the beach each day. 
Bayan ko|2013|In an interview with Ed Lingao, Joseph Santiago attacks the Rubios for being a political dynasty. Santiago explains that his father died after discovering a corruption. An exposed metal rod of an unfinished road leads to the faces of the Rubios in a billboard. It exposes the budget misappropriations of Gov. Antonio Rubio. Eliza, Santiago's former girlfriend, attempts to bribe him for the hospital contract. 
Bayazet|2003|The defense of the fortress of Bayazet is one of the most striking episodes of the Russo-Turkish war of 1877-1878. 24 day 4-28 June 1877, a small Russian garrison under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Patsevich and captain Shtokvits, suffered from hunger and thirst, drowning in blood, but never giving the fortress to the enemy troops. 
Bayne el Wilayat|2005|"Bayne el Wilayat" is a television magazine, targeting the Saudi Arabian audience. The 15-episode series is filmed in the United States. Whether visiting the Cherokee Heritage center in Oklahoma or Little Havana in Miami, the goal of the program is to reflect the diversity of the American people. 
Bayou Billionaires|2011|The Dowdens are a typical, hardworking and close-knit family of modest means living in Shreveport, La. After discovering their home sits on the fourth largest deposit of natural gas in the U.S., the Dowdens struck it rich and are now ready to experience the finer things that life has to offer. Led by patriarch, Gerald, and matriarch, Kitten, the 30-minute, 10-episode series follows the family as they experience the perks of belonging to a new tax bracket - from joining country clubs and hiring personal trainers, to traveling to places they never imagined they'd go. 
Bayou City|2013|Bayou City stars Januell Carroll as Chase, an established entrepreneur who's life is turning due to addiction, along with his spinning is Darryl(Kendrick R. Smith) a once street hustler looking to escape. And there's Stacy(Natasha Pinkney) a lawyer feeling trapped in midlife crisis. 
Bayou|????|In the deep south, in the dark and mysterious backwaters of Louisiana, the timeless Bayous lie waiting to swallow up the foolish and unwary. It is here that a "Bayou girl" by the name of Sarah, desperately tries to escape her violent and victimized path but her deceased Mother Darlene has other ideas. 
Bayttaab Dil Kee Tamanna Hai|2009|Three girls Kanchan, Shamoli, Kakon, 19, 17, 12 respectively live along with there mother in the beautiful place Silliguri. Kanchan is a very sweet and nice girl. She is very hardworking and a good human being. On the other hand Shamoli is a beautiful and attractive. Her beauty and charm is what keeps on getting her and her sisters into trouble. The youngest sister Kakon goes to school. All she loves doing is eating. All three of them work in the tea estates as daily wagers. Working in the tea estate gives them a sum of Rs 18/- per day, after working for minimum 12 hours and they all happily try and make ends meet. But how circumstances prevail them to leave their home city and go to the city of dreams Mumbai. 
Baywatch Nights|1995|In this Baywatch spin-off, Mitch Buchannon, the reliable Los Angeles lifeguard, moonlights as a private detective who investigates and solves crimes, often in some way related to his beloved beach. 
Baywatch|1989|This long-running series follows the adventures of a team of lifeguards on a crowded resort beach. Veteran lifeguard Mitch Buchannon watches over the younger lifeguards that come and go with each passing season as they keep the beaches safe for vacationers. Frequently he must take action to save them from the raging seas and from the raging tempers that sometimes flare up between the young guards in this stressful job. 
Bazgasht be khane|2000|This is a 4-episode mini series about twins named Golnar and Golnaz. One of them has been kidnapped and now is away from home and even does not know the truth, She is living with a cruel family and is suffering. One day on the way back home from school, she decides to change her route back home, she is really tired of the mistreat and hostility of her step sisters but in a new street she suddenly sees a face who is exactly the same as hers...she secretly follows that girl and enters her house, she goes hiding under a bed and this is the time the adventure begins.... 
Be Careful with My Heart|2012|A simple girl, Maya De La Rosa, her older sister, Cristina Rose, and Cristina's son are introduced as tour guides for their hometown, San Nicolas, with their mother running a souvenir shop. Money is often less than the living expenses and household repairs. Cristina hopes to work at sea while Maya dreams of becoming a flight stewardess. One rainy night, after an attempt to fix the roof, Cristina breaks her leg and is thus unable to complete her schooling to become a sea woman. With a large medical bill, the future and current expenses, Maya deemed it necessary to work overseas for two years to help her family. Upon arrival in Manila, Maya discovers that the woman who had offered work overseas had swindled her. Maya is stuck in Manila with no money or place to go. Relentless, Maya allows no one to stop her, not even the handsome, wealthy widower Richard Lim, who reminds her of her shortcomings. Ironically, Richard is her last hope because of his influence in the airline industry. He offers Maya to become his children's temporary nanny in exchange for his help. Maya agrees to the offer. Upon entering the Lim home, she finds herself involved in the private lives of Richard and his three problematic children: Luke, Nikki and Abby. Maya realizes that since Richard's wife died, the family's joy died with her; hence their problems. Maya is tasked to bridge Richard to his children and eventually she succeeds in rebuilding the family. However, in repairing their broken hearts, Maya encounters bigger challenges that test her determination and, more importantly, her heart. While fulfilling her obligation, she falls in love with the Lim children and, admittedly, with Richard. 
Be Cool, Scooby-Doo!|2015|After finishing up their senior year of high school, the Scooby-Doo-gang decide to travel in the Mystery Machine, seeking fun and adventure during what could possibly be their last summer together. However, monsters prevent them from completing their journey. 
Be Damned|2011|This is the web series " Be Damned" The story follows Malachai a voodoo investigator as he does his best to solve cases involving the supernatural. Rising Tide is the name of episode one and it will show different sides of life in Shreveport from cops,drug dealers, regular folks, and people with certain powers like Malachai. 
Be Real|2006|Be Real is the TV show that spontaneously turns regular people's ordinary lives into their very own reality TV show and it all happens on the spur of the moment. There's no script, no pre-production, not even a story idea. We choose a random person to star in their own life for a day... just their ordinary life... in front of a camera of course! 
Be Your Own Boss|2012|Innocent drinks co-founder, entrepreneur Richard Reed, has set aside 1 million pounds to invest in innovative start-ups. He receives pitches from hundreds of hopeful entrepreneurs, looking to invest in three big ideas that will become successful businesses. 
Be a Pro|2013|The short-form documentary series features eight episodes that holistically explore what it takes to be a professional soccer player through the eyes of some of the Los Angeles Galaxy's biggest stars. Featuring Galaxy players including Omar Gonzalez, Marcelo Sarvas and Jaime Penedo, "Be A Pro" dives into the mental and physical commitments and sacrifices that are made in order to perform at the highest level. Episodes look at the game's most crucial elements, including the physical strain, endurance, recovery, mental acuity, and general fitness; and demonstrate how these are tackled through dedication, discipline and diligent nutrition. 
Be the Boss|2012|Competition faces off two lower-level employees from the ranks, giving them the chance at what they think is a big promotion. In each episode, the CEO summons two deserving candidates to the company headquarters and subsequently puts them through a series of challenges to test their mettle at being in a senior management role. Both employees battle to prove they should earn the promotion, but they're in for the shock of their lives when they discover that an even greater opportunity is ultimately at stake, the keys to their very own franchise. With franchise fees often running into the hundreds of thousands and sometimes even exceeding one million dollars, Be the Boss offers one of the largest prizes in all of television and the promotion goes to the runner-up. 
Be the People|2012|A talk show that focuses upon threats to American liberties. Hosted by author and professor Carol M. Swain, of Vanderbilt University. Doctor Swain has been a guest commentator on various news programs, talk shows and documentaries. She now hosts her own series, which is based out of Nashville. 
Be with You|2017|Lin Wei Ling was a rich but lonely little girl who longed for her father's care. She found him dead one day. Her father's close friend Hu Xin and her son Hu Qian Yu then nurtured Wei Ling until she recovered. Just as she started to be happy again, she was sent abroad because of her secret romantic relationship with Qian Yu. Years later, coming back to find out many hidden truths, she prepares her revenge plans. 
Beach Bites with Katie Lee|2015|'Katie Lee (X)' (qv) finds a coffee and papaya bowl at Oahu's North Shore; while in Honolulu, Katie teams up with her friend and acclaimed chef 'Lee Anne Wong' (qv) for her Koco Moco, a modern version of the classic Hawaiian breakfast Loco Moco; gets a bite of corn beef hash in Gulfport, Florida; livens thing up with dirty chai pancakes in San Diego. 
Beach Diaries|2001|A fascinating insight into the similarities of beaches all over the world. The four Host will take us on their own journey from sun up to sunset. Presented in the form of a video postcard, 24 hours on the beach will be reflected on in one hour, revealing the video-diarists raw responses to the location. Each diarist is a complete stranger to the beach they have been sent to and throughout the program parallels and differences between the beaches will be the basis of the Beach Diary journey. 
Beach Eats USA with Curtis Stone|2015|Spots for dockside dining are highlighted by Curtis, during visits to South Carolina, California and the Gulf Coast of Alabama. Among his food finds are crispy fried green tomatoes stuffed with goat cheese, a towering masterpiece of seafood; bacon-filled oyster dish. 
Beach Flip|2015|The contestants take on the office/den renovation in a weekend warrior challenge. With only two days to finish this renovation, the teams have to find creative ways to transform this room into a multifunctional space. Each team selects an inspiration piece to help channel their design style. With $5,500 added to the renovation budget and a $50,000 grand prize on the line, the stakes are high. David Bromstad, joined by Nicole Curtis and Josh Temple, is this week's mentor and judge. 
Beach Girls|2005|Three teenage girls take a vow of eternal friendship during the summer of 1985 in the beachside community of Hubbard's Point. Years later, after one of the women has passed away, her widower (Lowe) returns to the beach town with his teenage daughter (Hobbs), both seeking a connection to her life. 
Beach Heat Miami|2010|Set in the playground of the rich & famous with sunbathers from around the globe. Following the sultry affairs of the lifeguards of Miami Beach, Florida (South Beach). Two 'player' lifeguards, Cale and Jace, man Tower Nine on South Beach. In-between saving lives they manage to fit in a lot of picking up on women, hitting the parties and causing a lot of drama! In Sobe, having sex with every pretty vacationer they can get their hands on becomes an every day occurrence, until their Lieutenant catches wind of it and drops a bombshell on them. A rookie virgin blond bombshell, Brooke to be exact. Brooke is the rookie who screws up Cale & Jace's fun. The boy's go bananas over her but her naive innocence causes drama and the boys just cant handle her saying no. 
Beach Patrol: San Diego|2006|San Diego's lifeguards work, often in conjunction with the city's police department, to do much more than save lives in the water. Aside from keeping the beach safe, they investigate cases of murder or missing persons, break up fights, perform cliff rescues, and other dangerous missions. 
Beach Town|2010|Beach Town takes a look at some of California's most interesting beach towns in a new travel series that will have viewers wanting to leave their worries behind and head to the beach! In each episode, we'll escape to a new city on the sand as we find out what makes each beach town unique in its own way. We take a look at each town from a girl's point of view and a guy's point of view, as we visit trendy boutiques, secret surf spots, and meet the interesting people that call each town their home. We'll also show you what a couple can do together in each of these beautiful cities by the beach. 
Beached Az|2009|The seagull and The Whale are confused when a baby whale intentionally swims ashore to avoid getting his skin wrinkly. "Shouldn't you be swimming" "No, I'm just finished Bro. I only swim in fifteen minute intervals. I don't want my skin to go wrinkly." "Like a prune?" "Yeah - as in really shriveled" 
Beachfront Bargain Hunt|2013|Elizabeth and David recently got married on the gorgeous Island of Daufuskie. This hidden gem has always had a special place in Elizabeth's heart and now that their two families have combined, they want a place for all eleven of their family members to be able to visit, relax and enjoy the beach life. Daufuskie Island has no shortage of beauty, history, and gorgeous houses, but Elizabeth and David need to find a house big enough for their family and under $350,000. With the help of local real estate agent, Robbie Bunting, the couple sets off to make their dream a reality. 
Beachfront Bargain Hunt: Renovation|2015|Brad grew up spending summers in North Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Now he's ready to find a vacation home for his family, and local broker Jason Moore is just the man to help them find it. With help from his wife, Jennifer and their three kids, the family finds a condo that they want to gut and renovate. A new kitchen, living room and master suite all sound great - but when they start opening up walls and tearing out floors, they quickly realize they may be in over their head. 
Beacon Hill|1975|CBS spent (and lost) a lot of money on this "Upstairs, Downstairs" ripoff detailing the relationships, battles and dramatic incidents involving members of the well-to-do Lassiter family in 1920s Boston and their Irish servants. 
Beakman's World|1992|In this show, which works like a cross between Mr. Wizard and Monty Python, the science teacher, Beakman answers viewer questions about science. With the help of his assistants Josie and Lester the Rat, he uses various methods like animation, interviews with famous dead people of science and simple experiments to illustrate scientific principles. 
Beam & DaSilva|1993|Investigation programme featuring various southern hunts, their private security and the hunt saboteurs, including the infamous Brixton Mob. Also featuring Mike Huskisson's undercover investigation into fraudulent practices of the Chiddingfold Hunt, and interviews with both Ronnie Lee and an anonymous member of the Animal Liberation Front after an attack on a slaughterhouse in East London. 
Bear Behaving Badly|2007|Once again Mr. Prank has come last in the Historical Care-Taking Reenactment Society's games and he is not happy. Barney suggests he might feel better coming next to last so he decides to get Nev to join the society on the assumption that a blue bear could never do better than him. Nev, however, is determined and has Crazy Keith to coach him for victory. 
Bear Fruit|2017|After losing a bet to his female friend, Marcus is forced to attend a church for a month where he meets Angelo, a drug dealer from his past. The two of them try to adjust to the new church lifestyle, yet unwilling to give up their old ways. 
Bear Grylls Wild Weekends|2011|Bear is curious what a survival trip will be like with controversial former BBC radio and TV presenter Jonathan Ross. A helicopter drops them in the inland jungle of La Palma, the largest of the Cnary Islands, but abseiling. Jonathan displays a curious mix of cocky cool attitude and almost sissy city boy ineptitude for the wild. Bear deals with everything smiling, even when JOnathan clumsily wastes half their pigeons dinner treat. 
Bear Grylls: Breaking Point|2015|Bear Grylls meets two men who spend their lives avoiding confined spaces and takes them deep down into the most frightening caves he can find. Mark, 33, almost died when he was buried alive by sand as a teenager. Mike, 46, from the Bronx, New York City, was accidentally imprisoned in a fairground ride dangling almost 20 metres off the ground, and now fears being trapped so much that he can't even hug his wife. Bear has a plan to help them face their worst fears and hopefully overcome them Bear Grylls meets two men who spend their lives avoiding confined spaces and takes them deep down into the most frightening caves he can find. Mark, 33, almost died when he was buried alive by sand as a teenager. Mike, 46, from the Bronx, New York City, was accidentally imprisoned in a fairground ride dangling almost 20 metres off the ground, and now fears being trapped so much that he can't even hug his wife. Bear has a plan to help them face their worst fears and hopefully overcome them. He's heading out to one of the First World War's most treacherous front lines, where the landscape is still punctured with trenches, caves and tunnels. But Bear will need to win Mike and Mark's trust, as he tries to take them deep underground 
Bear Grylls: Mission Survive|2015|Eight celebrities embark on a 12-day expedition in the rainforest of Costa Rica, where they must learn to navigate difficult terrain, build shelters, make fire and eat the food that nature provides. From abseiling down ferocious waterfalls to crossing perilous rapids, the stars face a range of challenges and Bear himself eliminates one of them each week, leaving three in the final. 
Bear What|2018|Meet The Bears, a typical suburban family that happens to have a magical story book. Every page that they read becomes a reality and a crazy adventure. James the adventurer, Lilly the smart one, Mom the boss of the house. But situations get tough when trying to get back to living an ordinary life. 
Bear in the Big Blue House|1997|Bear lives in a Big Blue House with several of his muppet friends: Treelo the lemur, Ojo the bear cub, Tutter the mouse, and Pip and Pop the otters. Every day bear uses his reassuringly shaggy presence to help solve problems and explore a different topic of the day (for instance "finding" or "helping"). He also frequently talks to his other friends, Shadow, who tells stories and sings nursery rhymes, and Luna the moon, who helps provide 'The Big Picture'. 
Bearcats!|1971|Mercenaries Johnny Reach and Hank Brackett cruise the American Southwest in 1914 in their Stutz Bearcat in search of action and adventure. They often take dangerous assignments for pay; their fee is usually a blank check, and after the mission, they just fill in whatever amount they think the job was worth. 
Bearded Men Presents D&D: The Improvised Campaign|2016|With the unexpected return of his traitorous first mate, Balthasar is faced with the opportunity to forgive Domhnall, now transformed by the evil demigod, Denise. Domhnall seeks redemption by offering Balthasar the way back to his ship, The Beggar's Prize, stolen from him by his former flame, Cynthia. 
Bearded Nerd|2016|The Bearded Nerd looks at the 1987 NES classic, Bionic Commando. Is someone at Capcom trying to win a bet? Why didn't Japan want us to fight futuristic Nazi's? What is up with all the Street Fighter 2 sequels? Answers to these and other questions in this episode. 
Bearded Nerd: After Dark|2017|The Bearded Nerd examines the history of the Grand Theft Auto series. Can you actually complete any of the games without killing a hooker? Why can't Rockstar Games and DMA Design just get along? Why was the "hot coffee" mod actually left in the San Andreas game? Answers to those and other questions in this episode. 
Beards: A Coming Out Story|2016|Beards tells the story of Natalie and Adrian, two best friends who are both in the closet and decide to be each other's beards to avoid coming out in university. After getting themselves into an awkward situation at a party, they have to figure out how to keep their lie going while staying true to themselves. 
Beast Machines: Transformers|1999|The Maximals awaken on their home planet of Cybertron with no memory of how they got there and instead of being greeted by there own kind they are chased by mindless Veicons created by Megatron(II). The Maximals must free Cybertron from Megatron and restore it back to its organic life. 
Beast Wars: Transformers|1996|Two spaceships, one manned by benevolent Maximals, the other by evil Predacons, crash-land on a pre-humanoid planet while en route to Earth. Their crews assume indigenous animal forms to protect themselves from an overabundance of natural energy, transforming into robots to do battle. Thus, the Beast Wars have begun... Centuries after the Cybertronian Wars, a small rebel group of criminal Predacons pursuing a group of heroic Maximal explorers crash-land on a primitive world. They assume native animal forms to protect themselves from the planet's rife amounts of energy, transforming into robots to do battle. As the Maximals fight to stop the Predacons from conquering the galaxy with this strange world's power and seek a way home, they are discovering the majesty of its wilderness and the threat posed by its mysterious alien caretakers. 
Beast|2000|A situation comedy about the comic adventures of a very reluctant country vet, Nick ('Alexander Armstrong' (qv)) who doesn't particularly like animals, in fact he really hates them! However, they bring him into constant contact with their mainly female owners whom he tries to woo with outlandish offers, unfortunately without much success. 
BeastMaster|1999|In this spinoff of the various movies, Dar, the Beastmaster and last survivor of his tribe, wanders the ancient lands, seeking out his beloved Kira, defending the animals he controls, and pitting his might against various sorcerers and tyrants. 
Beasts of the Bayou|2014|Local fishermen in Venice, Louisiana are searching for "The Parlangua"a half-man, half-alligator creature thought to be responsible for a rash of recent attacks. But researchers believe the incidents are due to alligator aggression during mating season. 
Beasts|1976|A series of six effective and concise chillers commissioned by ATV from Producer Nicholas Palmer, and Writer Nigel Kneale, who had just left as a Staff Writer for the BBC, broadcast on Saturday nights. The episodes all had a minimal feel, with the stories taking place in ordinary locations, such as a farm house, a supermarket, or a front room. 
Beasty Training!|2011|A work-out tutorial spontaneously shot with elite athletes and crude humor. This short film tackles squatting, spotting, and man-cuddling! It is the total body workout! Starring MTV's Silent Library host, Zero Kazama, "Beasty Training" will leave you out of breath and laughing. This is what viral video is made of. 
Beat Bobby Flay|2013|Food Network's 'Ted Allen (V)' (qv) turns the tables in 'Bobby Flay' (qv)'s kitchen and he has the _"Chopped" (2007)_ (qv) dream team to back him up; competing chefs 'Amanda Freitag' (qv) and 'Marc Murphy (III)' (qv) know a thing or two about getting their friend Bobby beat. 
Beat Generation Ireland|2010|Beat Generation is a new concept - an offbeat and bold interactive cross-media entertainment, in the form of a video-blog based magazine filled with tips and the latest news about TV, cinema, music, fashion, etc. (and all the "Do's" and "Don'ts" that go with it). 
Beat for Beat|1999|Beat for Beat is a Norwegian musical "game show". 4 guest singers in groups of two, usually Norwegian, but sometimes well known Swedish or Danish singers also, join the two regular pianists and the very quirky host Ivar. There are several rounds involved, the first starting with phrases from songs hidden behind numbers. The guests pick a number, and then a word behind the number is displayed. The guest then has to sing a song (any song he/she wants) with that word in it. As more numbers are displayed, the phrase hidden behind the numbers eventually becomes obvious, and the point is won when they sing the song with that phrase. Other rounds involve guessing songs the band plays, then there's a freestyle round at the end where the artists run up to the stage as soon as they recognize a song. Rules are never enforced strictly in the show, so the singer guests frequently "steal" others' songs and points, all in good fun. Very entertaining, and the musical knowledge of everyone is impressive as they have to play songs out of the blue quite a bit. 
Beat the Clock|1950|"Beat the Clock" was one of televisions most durable game shows. Its popularity was derived from its simple format and wacky action. Two couples, preselected from the studio audience, had to complete various stunts within a time limit (usually 60 seconds or less) to win cash and prizes. Examples of the often-messy stunts (the centerpiece of the show) included blowing a plastic ship carrying a ping-pong ball from one side of a water-filled tub to the other, without allowing the ball to fall off; stuffing eight balloons in a lidded wastebasket without breaking any; and extracting three marshmallows buried in Jell-O using a spoon held in his mouth, then placing each marshmallow on a plate next to them. A huge clock counted down the seconds, as host Collyer provided commentary and encouragement. Couples who successfully completed their stunt won cash (usually $100 to $200, depending on the round) and a prize. After the first round of stunts, each couple got a chance to complete an extra-difficult "bonus stunt" (e.g., blowing a feather off a table and then catching it with a top hat while it was being worn) worth $100 plus $100 for each show it was not completed. During the big-money quiz-show era, the bonus prize stunt was worth $5,000 plus $1,000 for each show not completed. The format of "Beat the Clock" factored into countless stunt-related game shows in the years that followed; two "Beat the Clock" revivals also followed one in 1969 and another in 1979, both enlisting the aid of celebrity guests. 
Beat the Crusher|1999|Two teams of contestants compete against each other, answering general-knowledge questions alternately from 'Freddie Starr' (qv) and 'Melinda Messenger' (qv), in a bid to win a brand new car of their choice. However, wrong answers bring their own car one step closer to destruction. 
Beat the Geeks|2001|Beat the Geeks is a game show where contestants must match their knowledge against the geeks. The three main geeks of each episode are the TV geek, Movie geek and Music geek. Each episode as a geek who specializes in a different field such as Star Wars, comic books, KISS, or the Sopranos. The contestants get easier questions than the geeks and must accrue the most points to make it to the final round. 
Beat the Pros|2014|Some of Australia's most famous sporting goliaths joined forces with the corporate world to face their toughest opponent yet - cancer. Move Over Cancer is Cancer Council's new campaign aimed at preventing cancer by encouraging a healthy and active lifestyle. To kick off the campaign, stars from the Waratahs, Cricket NSW, Swimming Australia, Central Coast Mariners and West Tigers competed alongside CEOs and office executives in BEAT THE PROS. The CEOs not only put their bodies and their egos up for a public bruising, but stumped up some serious cash too. Watch BEAT THE PROS on Fox Sports starting Monday 25 August to find out how the self-confessed number crunchers fared in crunching tackles from the West Tigers. Will the CEOs regret swapping deadlines for the Waratahs' backline? 
Beat! Beat! Beat!|1966|"Beat Beat Beat" was produced and broadcast by HR (Hessischer Rundfunk) very often in co-operation with the US-Forces Station AFN in Frankfurt. The series run from 7 January 1966 to 7 February 1969 and contains 26 episodes, all episodes are still in the archives. 
Beating Heart|2005|Beating Heart (aka Six Love Stories) is a 12 episode Korean TV drama that revolves around the life of a somewhat ordinary modern family. Broken down into 6 two part episodes (each helmed by a different writer and director), this series weaves together the individual lives and loves of each of the family members into a coherent and effective story. 
Beau Geste|1982|A relief column led by Major de Beaujolais approaches Fort Zinderneuf, only to find the garrison apparently all dead. Legionnaire Digby Geste offers to climb in to investigate, but then seems to disappear himself. The Major then enters, and finds a letter grasped in the dead hand of Sergeant-Major Lejaune, mentioning a Lady Brandon, in England. Before being able to investigate further, the fort bursts into flames. Prompted by the letter, de Beaujolais recalls visiting Lady Brandon years earlier, when she was also bringing up her three nephews, Digby, John and Michael 'Beau' Geste. 
Beau SÈjour|2016|Charlie confesses to everything. Alex threatens a woman who gives him the location of the drug lab. Kato and Ines plot to catch White. Alex gets the results of the Vanderkerk shooting inquiry, finds the lab, and finds somebody in it. Cyril threatens Luc with a gun. We learn who got Ines pregnant. Cyril finds bundles of cash. White is revealed. 
Beautiful Africa: My Second Home|2013|A 5 episode series that focuses on Chinese nationals of vastly different walks of life, occupations and backgrounds, all of whom have found a happy new foothold in Africa. We learn what enterprises they are involved with in Africa, hear what they love about their new homes, but also what challenges they've had to overcome while settling on a new continent. 
Beautiful City|2016|A five star hotel located in Antalya, Turkey has been inherited by Ardeshir Rouhafza and his wife from his late uncle. The uncle's attorney has suggested that they sell it. Both Ardeshir and his wife noticed that recently, the hotel and its personnel were under a disorderly condition due to not having a manager available. They decide to change this situation and not to make any hasty decisions. Meanwhile, their daughter and son-in-law anonymously enter the hotel accompanied by their children and after a few minutes from their arrival, they notice everything and try to inform the parents without creating a scene. On the other hand, the hotel personnel realize the consequences of their wrongful behavior and become worried of losing their jobs after the family meeting. Therefore, they decide to accept the attorney's offer and convince the Rouhafza family to sell the hotel. If so, not only they would be able to keep their jobs, but also they would be rewarded with a generous commission. Nonetheless, the new owners decide to face each problem positively and not to withdraw. This is how the story begins. 
Beautiful Danger Animated TV Series|2017|Beautiful Danger is an Animated TV Series. Epic fight scenes, No-one is who you think they are. Alternate Universes, Teen Young Adult Action Good Verses Evil, flick with tons of Cliff Hangers. It takes place In Dark Oak, CA and Dark Shadows, Ca where the typical mean girl with magical powers tries to take over the school with her mean girl clique. Brooke Charles Takes on Kimberly Jesika and her good girl team. Death Becomes Brook cause she keeps coming back. Kimberly has magical powers and so does her clan. It's a match to the death. No one is who they seem or who they appear to be. Excitement and sitting on the edge of your seat. 
Beautiful Fools|2015|Beautiful Fools is a web series about a hapless, reckless young man named Peter living in Los Angeles. The show explores his relationships with the different characters woven into his life...the majority of them being women. From his cold and calculated ex-girlfriend, his nurturing matriarchal best friend, his overbearing mess of a sister, and everyone in between, the series exhibits how each individual affects Peter and his personality. 
Beautiful Life|2000|Shuji, a confident young hairdresser working in Tokyo, has an accidental run-in with Kyoko, a wheelchair-bound and somewhat mousy librarian. When Shuji asks Kyoko to be his makeover model, she is skeptical, but agrees to give it a try. The two gradually start to grow closer to each other, and eventually fall in love. Things seem to be going well for the couple until Kyoko's illness starts growing more severe. Will she recover, or will this young romance end in tragedy? 
Beautiful Minds|2010|Profile of Professor Richard Dawkins. He reveals how he came to write his explosive first book The Selfish Gene, a work that was to divide the scientific community. He also explores how this set him on the path to becoming an outspoken spokesman for atheism. 
Beautiful My Lady|1997|Jun Ho is an orphan from young and grew up in the world alone. Never knowing kindness from people, he learned to survive on pure grit and determination. By chance, he was given an opportunity to fight in the boxing ring, where he started to gain glory and money. Seon Yeong loses her husband to tragic circumstances shortly after their wedding. Things change when she meets ambitious boxer Jun Ho, and their miraculous first meeting brings hope to them both. However her parents object to them because of his boxing profession and his past. 
Beautiful People|2005|An academically gifted teen, her model-beautiful older sister and their newly single mother leave small town New Mexico in search of a new life in New York City. After their father runs off with his teenage mistress, SOPHIE and KAREN KERR decide their family needs a fresh start. They convince their mother, LYNN, that the big city holds promise for all of them. Sophie has gotten a scholarship to a prestigious Manhattan private school, Karen can pursue her dreams of modeling, and Lynn can leave the painful memories of her failed marriage behind her, while reviving the ambitions of becoming a fashion designer she put on hold to raise a family. The Kerr women arrive in New York ready to build a new life, as they try their hand at making it in this rarified place that promises as many challenges as it does possibilities. Manhattan. Global big shots, CEOs, diplomats, and the self-important social elite all make their homes there, and they send their precious children to the Brighton school. When Sophie enters this world she realizes she has no idea how to fit in with the privileged, posturing social climbers at her new school, the so-called "BPs," aka "Beautiful People." It's nothing like her old life, where she was able to rise to the top of the academic heap without effort. Not so at Brighton, where everyone is above average and her fellow students think nothing of a lunchtime shopping trip to Prada or of using their parents' helicopter for their morning commute. Sophie's adorable charm and refreshing lack of pretension attract two very different boys to her; GIDEON, a sensitive artist and an outsider in spite of his wealth, and NICHOLAS, the sexy, self-assured leader of the "BPs". Because of her stunning beauty, things always came easily for Sophie's older sister, Karen. But in the big city, she quickly encounters the harsh realities of the cut-throat modeling business and quickly discovers that in New York, the competition is always a little bit taller or a little bit thinner. It will force Karen to take risks in order to succeed and decide just how much of a sacrifice she's willing to make. After a series of frustrating jobs, Lynn manages to land a position in the fashion industry, working for a hot designer. Making the situation more complicated is that the job puts her in daily contact with her old college flame, married millionaire JULIAN FISKE, the one great love of her life. Julian still has feelings for Lynn, and she wrestles with her own emotions, and morals, as their relationship threatens to turn romantic. Helicopter rides, high-rises, and hedonistic parties - the Kerrs are definitely not in New Mexico anymore. No matter what challenges the City throws their way, or what temptations may lead them astray, these three women are a family, and will always be there for each other. For all three Kerr women New York will be an incredible adventure, and challenge working to stay together as a family while pursuing life and love in the greatest city on earth, as they realize what the true meaning of what beautiful people really is. 
Beautiful Strangers|2015|Beautiful Strangers is about the interconnected lives of Joyce (Lovi Poe) and Kristine (Heart Evangelista). Joyce is a woman motivated by her big dreams. She applies at the Castillo Realty, one of the biggest real estate companies in the Philippines, to establish her name in Interior Designing so that she may start a family with Noel (Rocco Nacino) and provide for her family, but all her dreams are shattered into pieces when Ronaldo Castillo (Christopher de Leon) attempted to rape her and accidentally pushes her down the stairs. All along, Ronaldo thinks that he killed Joyce after he let Rigor (Kier Legaspi) burn her. Fortunately, Joyce is able to survive everything but she suffers from selective amnesia. She crosses paths with Kristine and will be called Lea. 
Beautiful Things|2016|Before heading back to town, Mia tries to make things right with Reeve. The next letter is for Alex, but the kids don't know where to find it. Upon arriving back into town, Mia and Ross confide in each other and grow closer. Alex reveals her past with Cayla to Reeve, causing Reeve to find a way to help her. Reeve and Alex call the kids back together when they figure out where Alex's letter is. 
Beauty & the Beast: The Ugly Face of Prejudice|2011|Reggie has a face disfigurement and learnt to love himself the way he is, while Gary who had never had that problem is obsessed with beauty procedures in his tries to look like a Kardashian. While Gary tries to show Reggie that there is nothing bad in trying to look your best- will Reggie teach him to love himself the way that he is? 
Beauty Queen Murders|2013|Beauty pageants are the stuff of dreams for so many girls who fantasize about being a princess for the day. For these beauty queens, a sash and crown may empower them to reach for the stars but it can't defend against the terrible fate that awaits. BEAUTY QUEEN MURDERS shines the spotlight on women who lived their lives in the public eye as America's sweethearts. They were all so young. They were all so beautiful. They all held so much promise. And they were all killed before their limelight was up. 
Beauty Queen|2010|Beauty, glamor and elegance- these are the very things that lure us into the beauty pageant world. Many have dreamed and dared to penetrate this world but only a handful prove to be deserving of the title of 'Beauty Queen'. Those who have succeeded have become beauty queens in the truest sense of the word-royalties glorified for their beauty and poise. But the ramp to becoming a beauty queen is not easy. In a competition where every inch of a woman is scrutinized, jealousy is sure to arise. Egos will be hurt and the competition is bound to get fierce and dirty. Witness Maita, Dorcas, and Rebecca go through the harrowing ups and downs of the beauty pageant world. Three girls, each with her unique beauty, who will reign as the Beauty Queen? 
Beauty School|2004|Series following 150 wannabe beauticians from the Yorkshire College of Beauty as they learn their trade over the course of a year. At the end, two groups will leave college on different career paths - one to high-priced, paid-for salons and the other to local tanning salons. 
Beauty and the Baller|2017|John and Deena allow their business manager and Deena's best friend since childhood Tina to put them on a budget. But it doesn't take long for Deena to crack and resort to her old ways. 
Beauty and the Beast|1987|Ron Koslow's updated version of the fairytale has a double focus: the relationship between Vincent,(a mythic, noble man-beast) and Catherine (an asst DA in New York); and a secret Utopian society of outcasts living in an underground sanctuary where Vincent is protected and loved. Through an emotional bond connecting Vincent to Catherine, he comes to be her protector as well as the man she loves. The series follows the developing relationship between them and nicely fleshes out the underground world of labyrinth tunnels, mystical waterfalls, and people who have come together to form a loving and nurturing family. 
Beauty and the Geek Australia|2009|Eight "beauties", women who rely primarily on their looks, are paired up with eight "geeks", men who rely on their intellect more than their social aptitude or looks. The beauties have to teach a Grade 5 class one of four subjects - Science, Mathematics, History or Geography. The geeks have to perform a rap song for a nightclub audience that includes judges Molly Meldrum and Jessica Mauboy. 
Beauty and the Geek|2005|Chris and Amanda chose to split up their team and Brandon and Tristin's team. Tyson wins the boys' challenge by 72% of the popular vote, Cher wins the girls' challenge with 78% of the popular vote. Tyson and Thais vote to send Chris and Tristin into the elimination room, while Cher and Josh chose to send Brandon and Amanda into the elimination room. 
Beauty or the Bank|2016|Beauty or the Bank is a modern day adaption of the classic fairy tale, Beauty and the Beast. The kidnapping of Belle makes worldwide news as Gaston leads his entire town in a search party. But who is behind the hilariously incompetent kidnapping and will she even want to come back home if she is found? 
Beauty's Always Been a Bitch: Historical Make Up Tutorials|2017|Each two-minute episode of this scripted digital series features a savvy beauty guru from a bygone era showing you how to DIY the latest beauty craze. From "crocodile dung face masks" in Ancient Greece to turn of the century "arsenic complexion wafers," this show covers everything from the totally weird to the downright dangerous. These are REAL historical make up practices. We're not even kidding. 
Beaver Brothers|2014|In the small hamlet of Pomquet, Nova Scotia, there are more animals than people. So when conflict between critter and community arises, brothers Charlie and Eddie Landry and their young protÈgÈ, Mike, are called in to take care of the program. 
Beaver Falls|2011|Flynn, Barry and A Rab are three British students who decided to spend their summer at the American summer camp Beaver Falls in California. They expected a free holiday, getting drunk and partying, but they're actually expected to look after a large group of geeks. 
Beavis and Butt-Head|1993|Beavis and Butt-head's lives revolve around three simple things. (1) Barely attending school, which sucks. They do nothing, they learn squat, they know diddly, they hate the teachers - and, amazingly, they manage to avoid being thrown out. (2) Trying to score with chicks - something we know they'll never achieve. (3) Watching TV. Lots of TV. If something in the real world doesn't relate to what they know from TV, it sucks. They especially enjoy "reviewing" music videos - or just commenting inanely on them. If a video contains heavy rock, scantily-clad babes or anti-authority figures, it's cool - otherwise, it sucks. 
Because I Said So|2002|Because I Said So is a frank - not necessarily polite - half hour of television that takes the piss out of the entertainment industry. Hosted by lawyer, turned comic, turned TV diva Maggie Cassella, Because I Said So invites celebrity guests to rant about some of their favorite and not so favorite realities of the industry. From Hollywood's invention of size zero to its exploitation of Ground Zero, to whatever happened to Zero Mastel, Maggie brazenly refuses to kneel at the alter of celebrity. 
Because I'm Me|2012|Five wannabe entertainers who all moved to Atlanta looking to be the next big thing. Because of inflated egos and horrible attitudes, they loose out on great opportunities along the way. Whichever the case maybe they all are still determined to make it to the big time! The only problem is that they're not from Atlanta and they have no one to lean on for money or a place to stay. With opportunities running out and failure on the horizon they all answer an ad for a new reality show and reluctantly agree to move into the same house and have their lives taped, all in a last ditch effort to make it big. We will watch as each character faces their own individual obstacles while inadvertently helping each other achieve one dream that they all share, fame. 
Because We're Thespians|2014|"Because We're Thespians" is a dramatic comedy series, revolving around the lives of two high-school-age friends, Charlotte Rose Singer and Simon Carter, who both desire to excel in their professions as thespians. Charlotte Rose Singer's modest background as a bakery-worker during after-school hours is the complete opposite of Simon Carter's lavish lifestyle that includes his own driver and a live-in maid. Despite their different upbringing, the duo becomes the best of friends and Simon eventually helps Charlotte become more confident in her acting and singing abilities as she evolves from her shell. Together the pair end up taking on challenges that include trying to convince Simon's musical-producer parents that he and Charlotte are talented enough to be a part of their hit Broadway production. 
Because of Meeting You|2017|Zhang Guoguo grew up in a Wonton shop and is also the food-delivery girl for the town. Although Guoguo did not receive very high education, she is loved by her neighborhood because of her enthusiastic and sincere personality. But what people don't know is that Guoguo is actually a famous embroidery workshop boss's daughter, and an accident caused her to grow up in the small town. 
Beck|1997|The murder of a prominent attorney is connected to one of his recent cases, in which a company was being sued for serious environmental damage. Martin Beck and Lena Klingstrˆm find evidence which brings new light to the investigation - but who's pulling the strings? 
Becka and the Big Bubble|2008|Our fun loving host Adam wants to be like and learn from Becka, our animated bubble flying world traveler. This episode Becka flies to San Diego, India, and All Around Town. A great mix of live action and animation. 
Becker - (Henning Becker)|????|This is the story of Henning Becker (28), a Danish journalist who went to Vietnam in 1970 with nothing but a typewriter and his curiosity. When he left a few years later it was in the most dramatic way anybody could imagine on one of the last planes out of a burning Saigon. He was now a father of 45 children and a primary caretaker of another 159. All 204 was on board the plane with him on their way to safety in his native country Denmark where an entirely other battle started. 
Becker|1998|Misanthropic Dr. John Becker runs a clinic in New York City. He is assisted by super-capable Margaret Wyborn and less-than-capable Linda, who's only kept on because no one else can stand the doctor. Becker's best (some would say only) friend is the blind Jake Malinak, who runs a newsstand in the diner across the street. The diner used to be run by Reggie Kostas, but it has been taken over by Chris Conner, a lady whom Becker fluctuates between loathing and being attracted to. The diner is also frequented by Robert Benito, who is universally known as Bob and is the super at Becker's apartment (much to the doctor's regret). 
Beckinfield|2010|Previously on Beckinfield Strange alarms continue every Thursday, and Marta Marks is collecting as many Primbobi artifacts as she can get her hands on. These two things lead to Becca and her father reuniting after more than a hundred years. 
Becky & Barry #theactorslife|2011|Barry decides to take Sharon's advice and take an acting workshop. Instead of going with the respected LA acting coach, however, Barry tracks down a more cost-effective workshop online. It's the Martin Samuels Workshop, and you'll just have to watch. 
Becoming Human|2011|Following events that unfold in the third series of Being Human, vampire Adam (Craig Roberts; Young Dracula) is at college trying to get himself back on the straight and narrow. It's here he meets the beautiful, cool Christa (Leila Mimmack; Married, Single, Other) - who just happens to be a werewolf. They strike up a friendship with Matt (Josh Brown; Grange Hill), and the three of them become embroiled in a mystery that leads to more than they bargained for... 
Becoming Ricardo|2012|In this episode, Jesenia gets featured in a major tabloid, CMZ, as Ricardo is quickly becoming the hot new Latino lead on "Crime, Law, and Justice". All this fame seems to be getting to Jesenia's head but is quickly distracted by a possible new love interest, when she meets Steven Castillo. But someone seems to be stalking Jesenia's every move - which makes living her double life VERY HARD! This episode also features the song "Askin" by acclaimed rapper, Chris Rivers (son of Big Pun). 
Becoming Us|2015|In this unscripted drama, a teenager named Ben learns to live with his dad becoming a woman. The series will follow Ben, his family and his friends as they support one another through this unexpected journey and navigate their new world with Charlie now living as Carly. The show is a generational story of a loving family and circle of friends supporting one another through this unfamiliar situation. 
Becsenget¸nk Ès elfutunk|2012|A handful of wily criminals stumbled upon a loophole in legislation and began the business of oil bleaching. Storage tanks excavated from the sandy soil of the Hungarian Plain were used to "wash" millions of litres of fuel. Those with their wits about them were soon able to sit back and enjoy their ill-gotten gains, while the less successful got locked behind bars for their sins. The Wild West - Hungarian style! torage tanks excavated from the sandy soil of the Hungarian Plain were used to "wash" millions of litres of fuel. Those with their wits about them were soon able to sit back and enjoy their ill-gotten gains, while the less successful got locked behind bars for their sins. 
Bed of Roses|2008|A destructive possum creates havoc in Louisa's roof but leads to a discovery about Mary Kelly. Wendy fires Deb from her job at the paper, and Louisa worries how Deb is going to survive without the job. Hope finally finds the courage to scatter her father's ashes and Louisa fires Marty after her newly constructed roof falls in. Meanwhile, after a disastrous stunt causing the death of her precious cat George Clooney, Marg and Gavin finally talk about their dead son Jamie. 
Bedlam|2011|When Molly is haunted by the figure of a burning man, Ryan is forced to protect her, but when things get intimate will their friendship ever be the same again? Kate is pushed to the brink as she wrestles with her conscience, while Jed tries to make contact with his mother and is brought face to face with a dreadful secret in the depths of Bedlam Heights. 
Bednaya Nastya|2003|The story of "Bednaya Nastya" is set in the XIX century and features a whole tangle of various genres: romance, detective, historical drama and whatnot. The main plot of this soap-opera turns around a young and of course beautiful girl named Anna Platonova - a serf that was brought up by her patron Baron Korf who treated her like his own daughter, much to the seeming displeasure of his son Vladimir. Upon entering the High Society and meeting a noble young man Mikhail Repnin Anna doesn't even guess what kind of ordeals her life is going to go through... Love, hatred, betrayal, murder - it all has something to do with the mysterious Nastya that is being looked for during the whole series. But, as it usually happens, this massive 120-eps soap ends well, with love found, evil punished and justice triumphing. 
Bedoon Zikr Asma|2013|The series focuses on political and social life in Egypt during the 1980s, especially the notable flourishing of Islamist trends. On one side, Nawwarah gets to know Mutamed who comes back from Saudi Arabia with strange religious ideas. On the other, Atef tries to take advantage of his closeness to the female manager of an arts magazine to get to his goals. The story goes to show how current political leaders are born with different ideas and principles. 
Bedrag|2016|A series about the company Energreen. Where we are following a policeman working on a case, where he is trying to figure out, what is going on inside Energreen. A woman that works for Evergreen in the legal department, but wants more, until she stumbles upon a secret, that can change everything. A mechanic who gets involved in a criminal network, that specializes in stealing cars, but what he doesn't expect is the big conspiracy, that he suddenly becomes a part of. When a body is found in the water near a wind farm, detective Mads is charged with investigating what seems to be an accident. The victim worked at Energreen, one of the most successful energy companies in Denmark lead by charismatic CEO Alexander Sodergren. Does Sodergren know more his employee's death? 
Bedre skilt end aldrig|2016|Line, Martin and their two girls celebrate christmas eve. Lines sister and parents are invited, and Charlotte and her son Alfred comes too. And Leif and Nikolaj. Which is a lot of people. Will there be enough food? And what about the christmas traditions? It seems like everybody is having a great time. But what about Line? 
Bedroom Banter|2017|Bedroom Banter is a live interactive talk conversation lead by the charismatic married couple, Taj and Akilah McCord, CEO's of Crown Prince Productions. Produced by Hugh Grady. This innovative, 15 minute experience streams live from the couple's bedroom in the comfort of their own bed and it is a medium dedicated to the improvement of healthy relationships and marriage. The show takes advantage of the newly, unexplored medium of Facebook live and incorporates a variety of entertainment such as improvisation, comedy and theater. Bedroom Banter engages its audience in serious topics, with a comedic twist, and interacts with the audience through Q&A and live feedback. Crown Prince Productions have created an engaging way for couples to discover how to communicate better, solve problems and offer each other understanding and support on various topics. 
Bedside Manor|2007|This informative and entertaining, tongue-in-cheek television program explores what happens when two doctors from different sides of the medical spectrum go head-to-head. In each episode, the good doctors of "Bedside Manor" deal with medical issues from their differing points of view. You never know if they'll agree, disagree, or just agree to disagree! It's clever and addictive. Whose prescription will you choose? 
Bedsitcom|2003|A reality sitcom with a difference that follows the everyday lives of a group of six strangers who move into a London flat for eight weeks. The difference is that three of the flatmates are not what they seem and are, in fact, actors under the control of a team of writers living nearby. The writers follow the script of various contrived situations to see how far they can push the situation without being discovered by the flatmates. 
Bedtime Stories for Men|2017|Bedtime Stories for Men is a comedy series, with shades of action, satirizing typically male-oriented genres and delving into fantasy worlds to illustrate a modern day dilemma. Late twenty somethings are moving back in with their parents in droves and although they're loved it's becoming harder and harder to get them to seek their independence. If they won't take a hint, maybe they'll take a bed time story. 
Bedtime Stories|2000|Susan is a happily married woman whose sexual fantasy is to watch her husband Joel have sex with another woman. She doesn't want to risk ruining a relationship by using a female friend, and she doesn't want to risk the possible dangers of using a stranger. So, she asks Belle to find a suitable woman and set up the fantasy in a safe environment. Joel doesn't know about Susan's fantasy, but she reminds him that his fantasy has always been for the two of them to have a threesome with another woman. They go to the appointed meeting at Belle's and meet with Andrea. Joel thinks they're going to experience a threesome, while Susan intends only to watch Joel and Andrea have sex together while she watches them. Whose fantasy will actually be fulfilled, and will their relationship survive the experience? 
Bedtime|1996|The trials and tribulations of six couples, told through their bedtime conversations. In San Francisco, medical student Mark and singer Nikki have to reconcile their very different lifestyles. In Pittsburgh, construction worker Craig deals with Jenny's wanting to go to college and get her life out of the housewife rut. In Miami, Louis and Joan are newly retired and newly married learning to deal with a bi-cultural home and an obsessive ex. In Raleigh, Bob and Jane are on the executive fast track and have been trying to get pregnant for two years. In New York's Greenwich Village, stage designer Donna is trying to get her banker, Liz, out of the closet. And in Rockford, Rick and Kathy cope with their lives and kids. 
Bee Keeper Bands|2011|Bee Keeper was an independent record label from the late '90s, based in Lisbon, Portugal. Run by Elsa Pires, the label launched dozens of new bands by releasing their demos. Bee Keeper always had a markedly DIY aesthetics, issuing actual cassettes, accompanied by personal handwritten letters and hand drawn artwork. Eventually, the label released a few 7'' singles, some compilations on vinyl and CD, and some bands actually had their debut CD albums see the light of day as a Bee Keeper release. The 'Bee Keeper Bands' mini documentary series tells the unique stories of the different bands that formed part of Bee Keeper's catalogue. 
Bee and PuppyCat|2013|About a girl named Bee and her cat/dog named Puppycat. They find a recipe they want to try out and goes to buy the ingredients. After they buy them and a pack of gum they have no money left over not a penny in sight. So they go ahead and cook it. Later they noticed they forgot an ingredient. Both runs into the bathroom and teleports to a space place. One morning Bee wakes from a dream and is starving. New recipe in hand Bee and PuppyCat head to the store and then to cook with Deckard. Oh yeah, there's a talking cicada. After receiving a new assignment from TempBot, and in new uniforms (magic pockets included), Bee and PuppyCat slide into a farming job on Jelly Cube Planet. 
Beechgrove Garden|1978|What's in it: .The fate of the Cryptomeria .Planting potatoes in a trench .Miniature orchard inside the Fruit House using Thomas River's pruning methods .Mini apple orchard in the Fruit Cage planting trees with dwarfing rootstocks .Visit to Little Broich arboretum .Moving a shrub .Feeding box 
Beeching's Tracks|2008|Stuart Maconie looks at the effect of the Beeching railway cuts on transport in Manchester. He focuses on a short 4-mile line between Marple and Stockport which used to allow the journey to be made in 12 minutes but which now takes over an hour to do by car or bus; the car is even beaten by a woman who jogs to work! There is little hope of the line ever being re-opened because obstructions such as a supermarket were allowed to be built on the trackbed. 
Beef Baloney|2003|Beef Baloney is a comedy variety show for the Midwest United States. The artsy format is very edgy as its demographic is very broad. This show maintains its fun, high-energy, fast cut style and absurd content for the entire half hour. Beef Baloney is in and out before you know it, leaving its audience thirsting the next episode. 
Beef|2014|BEEF is a comedic spin on a real person courtroom show. Set in a NY deli, BEEF revolves around Lou, his family, and the cases he settles. People march in with a "beef" for Lou to solve with old-school advice, simple justice, or a fine cut of meat. BEEF is a comedic spin on a real person courtroom show. It's Sopranos meets Judge Judy. Set in a Brooklyn deli, the show revolves around our hero Lou (Christopher Meloni), his family-run business, and the cases he's asked to settle. Like his shop, Lou is a neighborhood institution. Every day, people from the area march in with a "beef" that they trust Lou to resolve, be it with old-school advice, simple and fair justice, or a fine cut of meat. Yet Lou must also referee his colorfully opinionated family who help him run the store. But the meat of the show is the idiot rantings and absurd claims of the locals: food vendors, DJs, French teachers, dance instructors, divorcees, priests, and Drama Club queens. All searching for justice, all wanting to be heard, and above all, each yearning to hear Lou smack down that meat tenderizer and declare: "You've got a beef!" A judge with an iron meat beater to rub and Jerk around his fellow citizens tries to resolve very funny and very outlandish courtroom beefs. Mimicking beef battles derived from. Hip hop culture/gang member style beef situations the avg daily 9 to 5 American views as out of the ordinary and not part of your typical everyday daily life.. 
Beef: The Series|2006|QD3 Entertainment, leaders of the Urban DVD market have partnered up with Black Entertainment Television (BET), to bring you the highly anticipated BEEF The Series. Continuing the tradition of thoughtful, unbiased and entertaining Hip Hop journalism that earned BEEF, BEEF II, and BEEF III critical and popular acclaim, comes BEEF The SERIES. Based on the multi-platinum DVD releases, BEEF The Series will continue to explore Hip Hop's most notorious beefs and resolutions while also diving into the world of sports, politics and entertainment. BEEF The Series is a new half hour show that will provide the ultimate platform for artists and prominent figures to have an open discussion on matters unresolved. With sensational stories abound in the media, BEEF The Series is an outlet where all sides can set the record straight. Through various elements including archival as well as current interviews, we hope to initiate change through dialogue and bring to our audience a greater understanding of this phenomenon. Some of the artists featured in the series will include Oprah, Snoop Dogg, Dave Chappelle, The Game, Jamie Foxx, Ice Cube, Ludacris, Jay-Z, and many more. 
Beelzebub|2011|The story follows the strongest juvenile delinquent, Oga Tatsumi, he is a first year in Ishiyama High, the school for delinquents. The story starts as he is telling the story of how he found the baby to his best (and only) friend Furuichi Takayuki. One day while fishing by the river (actually, taking revenge on people trying to kill him in his sleep), he sees a man floating down it, he pulls him to shore and the man splits in half revealing a baby boy. This boy is the son of the demon king and he has been chosen as the one to raise it with the baby's maid Hilda. The story follows his life with the child and at the delinquent school. The early chapters of the manga follow Oga as he attempts to 'pass on' Baby Beel to other students at Ishiyama, (The theory is that if Oga can find someone more evil and stronger than him, Baby Beel will attached to that person instead of Oga). After subsequently fighting and defeating all members of the Touhoushinki and in the process, destroying Ishiyama High itself, Oga and company are transferred to Saint Ishiyama Academy, which appears to be a direct opposite of the delinquent school. 
Beer Grylls University Survivor|2015|A comedy web series that follows survivalist and adventurer Beer Grylls as he embarks on his toughest challenge yet; IRELAND! Follow Beer Grylls in episode three as he shows you how to survive student accommodation and braves the Atlantic as shows you how to make it out alive. 
Beer Money|2012|Beer Money is a funny and fast-paced sports trivia game. Our hosts Sunny Lenarduzzi and comedian Andrew Barber crash local bars and sports arenas to hand out cold cash to unsuspecting fans. Like a laugh? Know a little about the Canucks, Lions, and Whitecaps? You might walk away with $130 in cash. And who couldn't use a little Beer Money? 
Beer Nutz|2006|In this episode we travel to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, a city with beer heritage spanning back to the 1800?s with more bars per capita than any other American city! We start with a visit to the Lakefront brewery which brews 8,000 barrels a year. 
Beer TV|2001|Beer TV is a television series which features a very interesting look at beers around the world and pubs, clubs and bars they are served in. A very cool history of Beer is included in the show along with Beer experts and authorities with amazing facts and knowledge. 
Beer: An Insider's Guide|2004|We begin the series by explaining what makes each beer style unique and what distinguishes ales from lagers; the two major beer 'families.' As the world of beer flavours grows every year, new respect for its gastronomic worth is pushing beer back onto the dinner table. 
Bees in the Trap|2015|"We Live the wild Life here, call it the Brooklyn Zoo"Starring Monsta Villa, Deam2, Stevo, Jr Deville, Lucky Don, Daytona Jones, Mustafa G and many more. So sit back and take thesis ride with us where Money and Violence rules. Shot in Flatbush Brooklyn, Las Vegas and other places around the globe including China, India Europe and the West Indies. They lead you thru the hard core streets of Brooklyn where drugs, guns, money and violence always seems to be an issue.Musik plays a major role in keeping things intact when all else seem to be outta control. Monsta Villa is a addict, addicted to having it his way or the Die way. His Brother Niko tries to keep him in focus but doesn't realize how far gone his brother actually is. Even tough money seems to be good and Niko is out searching to find a better way after coming up with a new technique to smuggle the Drugs from a new source. Stevo gets put into a situation that he wasn't sure about but has to handle it like a man. This drama is action packed and a thriller. It's based on some reality as well as fiction. Produced by Deam2 and shot on location all over the globe this is a must see. Its a two season action packed fiction story. The tale twists and turn as its takes you through different characters emotions and events. Beware very addicting story so take a look into the Brooklyn Zoo through our eyes if you dare. 
Bees, Butterflies and Blooms|2012|In the third and final program of the series, Sarah Raven takes her mission to halt the rapid decline in Britain's essential bees, butterflies and pollinating insects to our cities and challenges our city parks departments to sow nectar rich modern meadows, and to make their floral displays more nectar and pollen rich to help to increase the amount of food and habitat for pollinating insects. 
Beetle Bailey|1963|The General is frustrated that the Pentagon ignores Camp Swampy, so they mount their own space program, building a giant rocket and launch pad. Beetle is scheduled to be the astronaut, but a foul up sends Sergeant Snorkel accidentally is sent instead. Later, a kiss from Bunny sends Beetle into lunar orbit without a rocket. 
BeetleBorgs|1996|A trio of preteens are dared by two snobby brothers into going into a haunted house that is occupied by a trio of monsters. The kids accidentally free a genie that is trapped in a pipe organ. The genie offers to grant the kids one wish. The kids decide they want to become their favorite comic book heroes "BeetleBorgs". The genie grants the kids' wish but also accidentally unleashes the villains from the comics. Now the kids must use their new powers to get the villains back into the comics . 
Beetleborgs Metallix|1997|The house monsters are fed up with the astral war and decide to offer Nukus the last one of the coins to protect them. When the kids and DragonBorg find out, they intercept the skittish little ghost before she gives up the coin and send her back to Hillhurst, then DragonBorg leads the Mantrons straight to the BeetleBorgs, who are waiting to ambush them. Once home safe and sound, Flabber bakes a groovy cake for his favorite war heroes to celebrate the victory. 
Beetlejuice|1989|Loosely based on the film of the same name, this show features Beetlejuice, a wild ghost from the "Neitherworld," and his mortal best friend, a young girl named Lydia. Lydia loves everything spooky and morbid, causing her parents, friends and classmates to wonder about her. So, to escape from blonde snobs and homework, she calls on her best friend: the Ghost with the Most, Beetlejuice. The rude prankster takes his good-hearted mortal companion on many adventures in his home the Netherworld. 
Beezbo's Adventures|1999|This live action video is designed to teach manners to children. The adventure begins when Gracie and Gilbert Turner discover a disabled spaceship and its short, furry, alien pilot, Beezbo, who suddenly transforms himself into a rather odd but cute human being. Through a series of enjoyable adventures, they give him lessons in table and telephone manners, greeting and introductions, as well as basic courtesy. 
Before & After'noon Movies|2001|We're going to take a tomboy and give her everything she needs to ascend to the throne. From hair and make-up to finding that perfect dress, we'll set her up for the date of a lifetime. Plus, to prep her for her inevitable victory dance, we'll bring in an instructor to show her a few moves. 
Before They Were Famous|1997|Film clips of big stars back when they were still doing bit parts, local commercials or community theater. Segments include Tom Selleck's appearance as a contestant on "The Dating Game" (1965) and Gillian Anderson giving a poetry recital on community-access cable TV. 
Before They Were Stars|1996|As the title says, the series showed clips of now-famous performers before they became household names. Clips included Gillian Anderson reading poetry on community access cable, Tom Selleck and Jim Carrey appearing as contestants on The Dating Game, and many other current stars in old commercials and playing bit parts in movies and TV shows. 
Before We Ruled the Earth|2003|Before We Ruled the Earth is an odyssey of evolution, from Homo ergaster in Africa at 1.7 million years ago, to Paleo-Indians living in North America at 11,000 years ago. Detailed recreations of hominid life over seven time periods, stunning wilderness locations, state of the art makeup effects and photo-realistic 3-D animated animals bring the past to life. Factual. Entertaining. Riveting. How did we problem solve to protect and provide for our families and ourselves? What are the technological innovations that helped to move us up the food chain? Early human's ability to adapt is what pushed them to the four corners of the earth and beyond, Before We Ruled The Earth. 
Before and After: Plastic Surgery Clinic|2008|What does it take to run a successful plastic surgery clinic? Han Geon Soo (Lee Jin Wook) inherits a plastic surgery clinic after his father's sudden death, only to find that he also inherited the clinic's loan-shark debt. As he struggles to keep the loan sharks at bay, Geon Soo tries to work with the talented plastic surgeon, Hong Ki Nam (So Yi Hyun), nurse Choi Yong Woo (Kim Sung Min) and the office manager, Yoon Seo Jin (Jung Ae Yun). 
Before the Big Bang V|2017|In this film Stephen Hawking, James Hartle and Thomas Hertog explain their model of the early universe: The No Boundary Proposal. In the 1960's and 70's Hawking and Penrose showed that according to classical general relativity, given some minimal assumptions the origin of an expanding universe is a singularity: a point of infinite density and spacetime curvature. But this and other singularity theorems do not take into account the strange world of quantum mechanics. So in the 1980's Hawking and collaborators started to build a model of the big bang that included quantum effects.The result is the No Boundary Proposal, a model that may be able to explain some of the deepest mysteries of the cosmos such as, is there a multiverse? how is there an arrow of time and what really happened a the big bang? This is the fifth in a series of films exploring competing models of the early universe. In my doctoral thesis I showed that, according to Einstein's theory of relativity, the universe must have had a beginning. But the theory of relativity did not say how the universe had begun. Since then, a key focus of my research has been to better understand the origin of the universe. I am pleased to present a new film which explains the model I developed over the years, initially with James Hartle and then later with Thomas Hertog and others. In "Before the Big Bang 5: The No Boundary Proposal", Jim, Thomas and I guide you through our No Boundary Proposal for the quantum origin of the universe and reveal how it can explain some of the universe's deepest mysteries. The film is free to view and part of a series developed by Youtuber skydivephil to explore competing models of the early universe. We hope you share and enjoy. 
Before the Credits|2017|I talked about the Trope "Seinfeld is Unfunny", the Trope namer Seinfeld and how it impacted current sitcoms. I also plan to do at least two more episodes. One episode will be about Slasher movies like Friday the 13th, Halloween and Nightmare on Elm Street. The second episode will be about John Hughes movies from the 1980s like Sixteen Candles and the Breakfast Club. 
Before the Dark|2013|Immortal warriors called the Carpathians, vampire hunters, suspect a vampire is hiding his kills in the carnage that is the Turk wars. With human wars coming ever closer to their hidden village, the Prince of Carpathians, Vladimir Dubrinsky finds himself torn between his son's growing madness and his visions of a future, shared with a Lycan seer, of their races at war. Vladimir's life begins to unravel and making the wrong decision could result in the extinction of his entire race. 
Beg, Borrow & Deal|2002|Two teams of four contestants are dropped off in Times Square with nothing but the clothes on their backs. No money, no transportation, not even a toothbrush! Their goal is to Beg, Borrow & Deal their way to Alcatraz Island. Along the way they must talk their way into professional sporting events where they need to interact with athletes. 
Beg. Borrow. Steal.|2012|BEG, BORROW, STEAL follows the lives of Kat Walker, Drake Anderson and Austin McGee. After securing funding and quitting their jobs to work on their first feature they find themselves facing an instant hurdle when their funding falls through after their loan shark investor goes to jail. The trio goes to extraordinary (and sometimes illegal) means to get the money to shoot their film before their lead actress moves to L.A. and they end up on the street or worse. 
Begeertes|2007|Begeertes is a series about the love intrigues and life dramas of a group of people in East-London. The main character, Anton Schoeman, is struggling to cope while taking care of his sick mother. His dream of earning his own fortune is made possible by the rich businessman, Hugo Wessels. Each of the characters find it difficult to keep their past hidden. Anton learns the identity of his biological father; Hugo, whose wife and daughter died in an accident, then married a woman who tried to keep him ignorant of her past at all cost. Anton experiences love at first sight with Annalien - whose mother shot and killed her father. 
Beggars and Choosers|1999|A look behind the scenes of network television. Rob Malone is the president of LGT, a television network fighting for ratings, and usually losing. Taking up the battle with Malone are Lori Volpone and casting executive, Malcolm Laffley. Each episode takes a look into how a network runs - how the executives deal with the stars, how they make big budget deals while trying to keep the network financially stable. Malone has too much on his hands, the owner of the company drifts in and out of a coma, the casting exec. is being accused of sexual harassment, and the VP in charge of development is doing everything she can, no matter how evil, to move up in the ranks. 
Begin Again|2017|Sarah, Denise and Toni have been friends since they were in elementary school together. In between soccer matches, band practice and dance recitals they had dreamed about what their future might look like. Going to school, falling in love, marriage, kids- they had everything mapped out. Now in their thirties things are not as rosy as they had imagined. Faced with incredible challenges at work and at home they have to find a way to get up after life has kicked them in the teeth. 
Begin Japanology|2007|In this fascinating exploration of Japan with British Peter Barakan as the honourable host, every episode of Begin Japanology and Japanology Plus offers fresh and deep insight about the arts, the colourful lifestyles, the customs and habits of a country brimming with culture and history. As we immerse ourselves into a plethora of diverse topics and aspects of both traditional and contemporary Japan, ranging from culinary delights to modern art and from Japan's stunningly beautiful nature to its astonishing technological achievements and everything in between, one thing is for certain: you are bound to love this ancient, yet beauteous and utterly seductive land. 
Behaving Badly|1989|Phyllida, who shares a flat with bisexual Giles, straight Jonathan, and Serafina, a teacher on the verge of a nervous breakdown, finds her home life disrupted when Giles' crotchety grandfather Herbert is unceremoniously dumped on their doorstep. 
Behind Bars|1994|Chapters on aspects of 'daily' life and crises in US prisons, concerning convicts, staff, visitors, parole boards etcetera. Situations also differ per organizing authority, type of penal institution or wards, such as higher security levels and death-row. The British makers sometimes compare to the UK. 
Behind Bars: Rookie Year|2015|Working in corrections tests patience and courage every day, and it's beginning to take a toll on the rookies. Mangin and Cordova must subdue a gang member after he threatens them. Israel refuses to follow prison protocol when a former SNM gang member intimidates him. Lilly gets a confidence boost when she discovers drugs in an inmate's mail, and Purto is called to a special assignment discharging a high-risk inmate. 
Behind Bars: Women Unchained|2017|Across the country the female inmate population is exploding, as more and more women are coming to prison for longer sentences. Officials in New Mexico are tackling this problem head-on by creating a new experimental prison for female inmates that provides jobs and freedom of movement in an attempt to adjust them to the outside world and reduce the possibility of re-offending after release. But as the staff in Springer move the women in over a three-week period, trouble begins to brew. The inmates form dangerous cliques, the staff finds evidence of drug trafficking, and fights breakout. While some of the women make it through the program reformed and ready for a fresh start on the outside, others challenge the system, facing new charges and an uncertain future. 
Behind Closed Doors|1958|The files of Rear Admiral Ellis M. Zacharias were the basis of this series based on American counterespionage from 25 years in naval intelligence. The stories were connected with the Cold War which required frequent updates supplied by Admiral Zacharias, who served as technical consultant for the series. Bruce Gordon, played Commander Matson who hosted the program and was occasionally featured in several episodes. 
Behind Closed Doors: The American Family|2017|Tam and Paul get ready for the annual costume party that always ends in disaster. Andy is enraged when Deena's hurt feelings threaten their business partnership. Jeff helps Mandy get a break only to realize how hard her day-to-days really are. 
Behind Closed Eyes|2013|Behind Closed Eyes is a suspenseful yet mysterious web-series based on a group of friends journey to gain back normality, after a horrid incident. Dis-remembering the events, the group aggressively tries to recap their previous lives while also searching for the culprit behind the incident. After grasping prior reality, the group discovers tangible details, which leads to an undesirable truth. 
Behind Mansion Walls|2011|Falling out of love sparks a heart-wrenching process of splitting assets. And when those assets add up to millions, the break-up is doubly bitter. These spouses are suffering a BANKRUPT HEART. And the only way to cut their losses is to kill. 
Behind Your Smile|2016|A curse condemns a man to immortality. Chao Yi-Ting ('Li-Ang Chang' (qv)) is never able to reincarnate due to the curse, so he lives among mortal humans forever and toys with man's greedy tendencies. Yi-Ting's life becomes cold and meaningless. 
Behind the 8 Ball|2012|Some cities never sleep and this one is no exception. Behind The 8 Ball dips in the lives of five friends... Well not exactly friends. Five people. A dramatic series following five artists striving to become independent, come together in a city, each trying to figure out what it is their life is all about. Levi, Caes, Rain, Matty, and Kat all come together in the city that never sleeps, all with different ambitions and understanding of social mechanic. The one thing that they have in common is that they all need to survive, and maybe learn something about each other in the process. 
Behind the Artist|2013|Becoming a central figure in Parisian life in the 1920's when in his early 30's, Le Corbusier was a writer, essayist, editor, painter, lecturer, but more than anything else, an architect of the Modern Era. His influence on architecture and design is incalculable. 
Behind the B|2013|Training camp starts at the new Warrior Ice Arena in Brighton, Boston, Massachusetts U.S.A.; defenseman Matt Grzelcyk debuts at TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts U.S.A. where his father John has worked for over four decades; and much more. 
Behind the Bar|2011|Come bar hopping with Here TV in NYC! At each stop, your friendly bartender serves up establishment info, mixology tips, a step-by-step cocktail recipe, and more! This episode features The Boiler Room, Gym Bar, and Poppi Kramer at The Stonewall Inn. 
Behind the Bike Sheds|1983|New Headmistress Megan Bigg rules Fully Comprehensive with an iron fist. Unfortunately for her, her new deputy head master from the Acme Teachers Academy, Mr. W.W. Jones, turns out to be a big softy soon nicknamed 'Whistling Willie'. When Megapig fires canteen lady Salmonella Sadie, the kids start revolting (even more than usual). 
Behind the Board|2016|Behind the Board follows the Canadian diving team through their quest to qualify at the 2016 Rio Olympics. Drawing on footage from two international competitions, this four-episode TV series follows themes of the Olympic dream, power and precision, partnership and teamwork, and the struggle to own the podium. 
Behind the Cine|2015|A behind-the-scenes look at Wages of Cine's special Star Wars Day 30 Second Movie "May the 4th Be With You". The gang wanted to do something Star Warsy for May 4th, and came up with the idea to westernize a scene from 'Star Wars: A New Hope,' which wasn't too difficult to image since it's very much a space western already. Along with some behind scene shots, included here, is a side-by-side comparison with the original scene. 
Behind the Cover|2016|Inspired by the critically acclaimed documentary, The September Issue (2009), Fashion One is bringing viewers Behind the Cover, a series that gives fashion lovers everywhere an inside look at some of the makings of a magazine. From round table talks to the printing press, we're leading the way and giving you exclusive behind-the-scenes footage and introducing you to some of the leading women in charge of the hectic and glamorous world of fashion magazines. 
Behind the Gates|2012|The warm shores of La Jolla have been home to multimillion-dollar properties for generations. Vic Alavi gets to live a fantasy and play the role of a buyer for one day. From the famous beaches to the exclusive hillside, which property will be the one he chooses? 
Behind the Grind|2017|Brimstone, entertainment entrepreneur and former professional wrestler gets a call from a Hollywood Reality Producer who's interested in making a "show about a show" based on Brim's internationally syndicated, award winning, successful radio show, The Grindhouse Radio. Unfortunately for Brim, making his dysfunctional cast of co-hosts interesting outside of the studio seems a lot easier said than done. 
Behind the Headlines with Wen Tao|1998|From news headlines to newsmakers, experienced presenter Dou Wen Tao puts together well-known guests from China , Hong Kong and Taiwan in the spot light and on the mat in the program, Bhind the Headlines with Wen Tao. Presenter and guests on the show comment on everyday's hot issues. They may not need to know the answer. All they want to do is to discuss, debate and dissect the events behind stories with panache, humor and a lot of spirit. In the process the interviewees reveal more than their opinions in this interesting and informative talk show. 
Behind the Mask Show: The Story of the US Mercs Paintball Team|2008|This is a show on what it's really like to operate as a team in the sport of Paint Ball. We'll show you the in's and the out's of what it's really like to get all that is needed and ready, before you can even play or compete. This is the show that answers tough questions and offers simple solutions. Ever wonder how to organize your team, get sponsors, equipment and get your team member's ready for action - all the stuff needed to be done - before you compete? Behind the Mask takes you a step further than any other Piantballer's show. We will follow an up and coming power house team, The US MERCS; as they combine the everyday business , personal lives and inter-squad issues; ...all before they ever shooting paint. 
Behind the Mask|2012|We step inside the doors of one of the top make up schools in the business. We look into the process of training Hollywood's top make up artists, get some insight from the administrator and a few of the teachers as well as getting to see Brandon get transformed into Hades Bounty Hunter by the up and coming Wayne Anderson, who was the recipient of the Dick Smith Scholarship. 
Behind the Music|1997|One of two VH1 music biography series...this one profiles those artists not qualified to be "Legends", but have made enough contribution to be merited a subject of "Behind The Music". This series documents the ups & downs and personal & professional lives of the artists in question. Subjects have included Milli Vanilli, Jefferson Starship, Gloria Estefan, M.C. Hammer, and Selena. 
Behind the Net|2004|Behind the net is paintball's only reality TV series, about the teams and players in the NPPL and PSP series. Produce during the 2004 season of Xball, this episode follows the Oakland Assassins through two tournaments, with rare behind the scenes footage of their headquarters in Oakland California and on the road traveling with the riders to events. This was the pilot episode out of three total shot shows. 
Behind the Rhyme|????|A hard hitting, in depth one hour talk show hosted by rap legend Kool Mo Dee. Due to his untouchable credibility as a hip hop pioneer Mo is able to get his guests to answer the difficult questions and open up about the business and life of being a hip hop star. Behind The Rhyme blends a mix of interview, live performances, DJ's and field segments to create a well rounded and complete picture of hip hop yesterday, today and what's coming tomorrow. 
Behind the Scenes with TBN Founder Paul Crouch|1994|After a brief review of last week's Macedonian Call fund-raiser, Paul Junior interviews Brad Wilson, Executive Producer of 'Believers Among Us' -- a new ground-breaking, faith-based drama series to be premiered on TBN on Aug. 7, 2005. Films clips are shown from the series (Volume 1, Episode 1: "The Awakening"). 
Behind the Screams|2015|Psycho, The Exorcist and The Silence of the Lambs are some of the most terrifying horror movies ever put on screen but the shocking reality is these movies were inspired by actual events. Behind the Screams presents these iconic images of horror-a young boy gripped by demonic possession, an axe-murderer chasing a teen through the woods-and pulls back the curtain to reveal the real story. From serial killers to documented paranormal encounters, truth is sometimes stranger than fiction and each one-hour episode examines the hair-raising true incidents that sparked some of the most gripping big screen stories. 
Behind the Sign|2015|In Redding, CA women dominate the real estate market. They are the local celebrities. But rivalries are vicious and the agents and brokers of The Real Estate Group are serious about buying and selling homes. Behind the Sign peels back the curtain on the cut-throat, high-flying and hilarious world of California real estate. 
Behind the Spotlight|2017|Putting a spotlight on the True Masters Behind the Scenes - from distinguished Hollywood executives to the countless Below the Line crew, this show provides an in-depth profile of Hollywood's masters in a documentary style. Each episode will comprise of one-on-one interviews with knowledgeable Hollywood individuals. Through these interviews, the show will provide a comprehensive exploration of filmmaking. The show mainly targets fervent Chinese movie-lovers and professionals in the Chinese film market, hoping to be a source of inspiration for these particular demographics. Among the broadcast platforms are CCTV6 and iQIYI. 
Behind the Times|2015|Meet the Wells family, the perfect sitcom clan living in a world where everything is sweet, funny, and easily fixed in 22 minutes. And meet their suspicious new neighbor, recently retired FBI agent Mrs. K. Cue record scratch. Join us on a comical adventure as this brood that crawled straight out of a traditional family sitcom lives life in the 21st century, and while Mrs. K's mistrusting nature leads her to (comically) explore what's behind this 'blast from the past.' 
Behind the White Tower|2007|What does it take to climb the ivory tower of success? Jang Joon Hyuk (Kim Myung Min) is brilliant and ambitious and a rising star as an assistant professor at the prestigious Myeongin University Hospital's surgery department. Although everyone acknowledges Joon Hyuk's unparalleled medical skills, his cold personality doesn't win him many friends or supporters within the hospital. 
Behula|2011|This drama unfolds a complex tale of Manasha's fight for her just place among the Gods and Goddesses - of Chand Sadagar's unflinching devotion to Shiva where he sacrifices his six sons but does not deviate from his faith in Shiva - of Usha's love for Aniruddha and the tale of being reborn as Behula and Lakhinder and finally Behula's extraordinary story of courage and conviction to bring Lakhinder back from the dead. Manasha wanted her place in heaven, at par with other goddesses - to earn that, she had to persuade Chand Sadagar to worship her, but Chand was unwilling. Manasha killed six sons of Chand but even then Chand did not bow down. Lakhinder is Chand's seventh son and Behula was his daughter-in-law. Manasha promised that even Lakhinder would not survive and she kept her word. But Behula was unlike the other daughters-in-law of Chand. She refused to be a victim - a puppet on a string - her fate being decided by some strange ego / agenda of her father-in-law and some goddess. She claimed her right to happiness and went to extraordinary length to ensure that the feud between Manasha and Chand is resolved and her husband comes alive again and they lived happily ever after. 
Behzat «.: Bir Ankara Polisiyesi|2010|Centered around a personally troubled, officially discredited police chief and his inharmonious police team in Ankara Police Force. Even though the show usually focuses on murders and other crimes that happens on a weekly basis, the undertone of the story leads to an eventual duel between Behzat «. and the rotten department officials and bureaucrats. Derived from the Turkish writer Emrah Serbes's novels "Behzat «: Her Temas Iz Birakir" (2006) and "Behzat «: Son Hafriyat" (2010), the series tell the story of Chief Inspector Behzat «, leading the Homicide and Vice divisions of the Ankara Police Force. Struggling with a failed marriage, a dark past, a rebellious daughter and corrupt bureaucrats and police officers, Behzat « disregards procedure, political correctness and etiquette to pursue and arrest serial killers, hitmen and violent criminals. His underlings from the Homicide and Vice desk aid and assist him in this struggle: the hot tempered, headstrong Harun, the streetwise Hayalet (the "Ghost"), the self-trained forensics expert Akbaba (the "Vulture"), the naive and green Cevdet, and Selim and Eda, who try to maintain a healthy relationship amongst the toil and trouble of dealing with murder every day. Behzat's brother, Sevket «, who administers a shopping mall, also occasionally throws in help. Each episode deals with a different murder, while the main plot thickens after the main villain, Erc¸ment «ˆzer, a sadistic serial killer holding many bureaucrats on his payroll, along with his tireless assistant Memduh Basgan, a shady ex-Gladio hitman are introduced. Almost all episodes take place in Ankara, Turkey. 
BeibÓ suteppu|2014|Maruo Eiichirou (Ei-Chan), a first year honor student, one day decides he's unhappy with the way things are and lacks exercise. He finds a flyer for the Tennis Club and decides to check it out. He's instantly captivated by it. With no prior experience and poor physical conditioning, join Ei-Chan as he embarks on a tennis journey using his smarts, dedication, and work ethic. 
Beijing 2008: Games of the XXIX Olympiad|2008|It featured the athletics, cycling, women's 3 m springboard diving, men's pommel horse gymnastics, women's quadruple sculls rowing, sailing, men's 50 m rifle three positions shooting, swimming, women's team table tennis, men's singles tennis and women's freestyle 63 kg wrestling. 
Beinase|2006|Beinase says he comes from another realm. And we don't know if we can believe him. He spies, he pursuits, kidnaps, tortures... he meets dangerous people, sick people, living situations of pure horror, constant threat and violent atrocities. Is he mad? Is he a psycho? Or does he actually know something we ignore? Beinase's ear receives sounds that shouldn't get there. His eyes perceive images that don't belong to them. Each of his senses is being interfered. That is how he finds the clues to get to those dark characters he needs to reunite to fulfill his mission. But... what is his mission about? 
Being Brandy|2002|What could it possibly be like to be a multi-platinum selling R&B singer, successful actress and expecting mother with her first new album in 3 years? Brandy will soon find out- and you will too. Being Brandy takes you not " behind the scenes", but behind the eyes (literally!) of one of the world's most successful and versatile young superstars in the world. Thanks to hidden camera technology you will follow Brandy, from her point of view, as she tries to balance motherhood and stardom. You will be inside the latest phase of Brandy's life and career. Be the first to meet Brandy's husband, producer Robert Smith who she secretly married last year. From the opening moments you will view Brandy's world through her eyes. You'll see Brandy receiving a dreadful wake up call at 5 am for her appearance on the CBS Early show singing her new single "What About" live at sunrise. Join the star in the heart of NYC on her double-decker Brandy bus as she picks up lucky fans to join her for her appearance at TRL before hundreds of her devoted screaming fans. Join Brandy for her appearance on Late Night with Conan O'Brien. Eventually you will end up with Brandy at a completely over the top launch party at the W Hotel where you will see what it's like to be surrounded by paparazzi, fans and press at the frenzied center of the superstar's world. 
Being Chic|????|To Sadie Hart, Lycra Magazine is EVERYTHING. When she happens upon her dream job there as an editor, she's imagining a world of #blessed selfies with the other editors and an endless but glamorous tug-of- war with her dragon lady of a boss, Marisa DeVoe. But when she starts her job and meets an unlikely ally in a sea of quirky co-workers, she finds it's not at all what she expected, and maybe she's not as cut out for the world of cut throat fashion as she thought. Wackiness ensues. 
Being Eileen|2011|Learning that Ethan is a possible Olympic contender at judo Pete puts him through a tough training regime though it soon takes its toll on them both. Paula and Mandy compete to win the approval of Carlos,the sexy dance teacher who is showing them how to set up their own Ay Carumba Latin American dance tutorials whilst Eileen joins a group of other elderly widows who meet in each other's houses. However she is dismayed by their negative outlook and the fact that they seem afraid if group leader Maureen knows they are going out. In order to teach them to have a good time she sets up a rival group but soon ends up bringing Maureen into the fold. 
Being Erica|2009|"Therapist" Dr. Tom - who is constantly spouting famous and not so famous historical quotes - is Erica Strange's savior and worst enemy. Erica, a young adult woman, is having a bad life because of the bad decisions she's made. Erica provides Dr. Tom with a long list of those pivotal moments in her life that she feels have led to the bad state she is in today. Erica is initially unaware of what Dr. Tom is intending on doing with this list. What he does do is transport her back in time to each of those moments so that she, with all the knowledge of her present day life, can make better decisions to fix her life. Regardless of these new decisions, Dr. Tom hopes that Erica will come to the realization that although the opinions of others about her life do matter, it's what she thinks of her decisions and her life that are more important. 
Being Fabulous Rocks! T.V. Show|2015|Being Fabulous Rocks! T.V. Show (BFR!) is a thirteen week Ω hour-long trendy magazine talk show series based on the concept of our sister publication, DC's, Miami's and Chicago's MOST FABULOUS Magazines, which is: BEING FABULOUS is less about wealth, celebrity or social standing and more about using these attributes to support to give back the community as a whole. BFR! explores the issues & concerns of Washington, DC metropolitan area urbanites though our in-depth interviews with business owners, taste-makers and celebrities in the industries of arts & culture, restaurants & dining, nightlife & entertainment, fashion & style, business, community & politics. While aiming to highlight businesses/organizations, services and people that are exemplifying social, community and environmental responsibility, BFR! hopes to empower the most discriminating consumers in the metropolitan Washington, DC area with a wealth of information about charity, philanthropy, volunteer-ism and going green while focusing on how our interviewees are using their specific industry to give back to the community. 
Being Heard|2016|Originally filmed as a web series,and finally as a feature documentary, Being Heard follows six songwriters from inspiration to the performance of their individual, original songs. Using both group and self filming, these real life magicians take their story of music and lyrics while learning the value of collaboration. 
Being Human|2008|Kirby, a charming ghost from the 1970s,arrives,apparently sent by Nina to help look after Eve and immediately charms Annie. However when a doctor is called out to the baby Kirby gives him a heart attack and it is clear that he has come to harm the child,dividing the household and setting Tom up for an assault charge from which he is saved by vampire lawyer Cutler. Kirby is a serial killer seeking notoriety but is dispatched by Annie using electricity. Hal investigates the train tunnel massacre,questioning a female doctor who is later killed by Cutler to keep their conspiracy as to the real perpetrators quiet. 
Being Ian|2004|Ian Kelly is a 12-year-old kid with a kind of imagination that goes "cut" in the night. He thinks that his life is a stage and that he is the director! With his Spielberg-like imagination, he often tends to get himself into many strange situations! But somehow he manages to walk away from each "set" with a sense of acomplishment, or a detention! 
Being Italian|2010|Two children living in Rome take us on a journey of their favorite places and show us what life in Italy is really like. As well as visiting important sites in the cultural capital of Rome, we learn to make pizza, pick olives and make oil and enjoy a party in the company of Roman emperors. 
Being Mary Jane|2013|When Mary Jane is rushed to the hospital following her accident, the family will rally around her. In defense of their daughter, Paul Sr. will handle David, and Helen will unburden them of Lisa. Meanwhile, Kara fights for Mary Jane at SNC, as Shohreh and Greg will go to great lengths to edge Mary Jane out.... 
Being Mum|2015|Strictly Come Dancing presenter Tess Daly and The Saturdays' Rochelle Humes talk to mums about their experiences of being mum. Whether the daughter of a Rolling Stone, in one of the most famous girl bands the world has ever known, or a parent coping with disability as well as family life, each mother in Being Mum shows that the feelings, challenges and rewards of motherhood are universal no matter the surroundings you find yourself in. 
Being Rob Zombie|2002|What could it possibly be like to be Rob Zombie? He's the rock and roll superstar monster who walks onto the stage night after night on tour turning his childhood monster movie obsession into a true rock and roll spectacle featuring alien dancing girls, ghoulish demons, and deafening walls of thunderous heavy metal. Being Rob Zombie takes you not "behind the scenes", but behind the eyes (literally) as he lives his life as a superstar that, in his own words, "doesn't mind being a monster as long as I get the hot chicks." Thanks to hidden camera technology you follow Rob the producer, film-maker, artist and musician from his own incredibly unique point-of-view. Be there as Rob blows away thousands of his die hard fans with his larger than life live rock and roll horror show and prepares to bring his life long passion for horror movies to the big screen in his film 1,000 Corpses. 
Being Social|2013|This is a weekly podcast from the people by the people. Think FuBu. I'm encouraging you to chime in once a week in an online forum and give voice to the social issues that are of concern to you. For example. For me, the issue of racial profiling is very important so we'll start the first podcast off with this topic. If you have something relevant to say you'll call in on our schedule session which you'll be provided login to and join our forum of like-minded callers. Similar to an on-air radio show. 
Being the Finest|2013|A FOX Sports Originals one-hour documentary special, BEING: THE FINEST follows the New York City Police Department's football team through their unimaginable 2013 season, culminating in their storied finale against The Bravest, the New York City Fire Department's squad. BEING: The Finest examines how the NYPD football team's love of the game is measured through the players' demanding work and home lives and also pays tribute to Officer Joe Pritchard, a member of the team who was killed shortly before the 2013 season began. From FOX sports 1. 
Being: Mike Tyson|2013|A glimpse of a man. A prodigious talent born from the ashes of the promise of the greatest country in the world. Humble beginnings to the biggest sports star in the world. What happens to a poor kid that's exploited and trained to attack for profit. Then the shell that's left and the emergence of the human being and his struggle to retrace it back and start again. Change it and make it fresh. Redemption for the irredeemable. 
Beirut, I Love You|2011|Yasmine is enjoying some calm and lazy fishing with her family friend Abu Ali, but his over protective nature cannot help but probe some serious interrogation as to her newly formed relationship. When Tarek arrives Abu Ali makes sure to let him know, the good old Lebanese way, that he can not 'mess' with Yasmine. 
Beit Zvi|2008|"Blood sweat and tears", that's how Gery Bilu chooses to describe Beit Zvi, the acting school he runs. In a world where there are too many instant stars, there is still one place where they learn and live real acting by "old school" codes and ethics. In this Channel 10 documentary-reality series we follow the students and their lives in school of the Performing Art, Beit Zvi. Their successes, failures, disappointments, romances and above all the race for glory and fame. 
Bekaa and Bella|2013|BEKAA AND BELLA realise the importance of being beautiful and the need for strong role models in todays society. Their focus is to target the youth and educate them on how to gain confidence and avoid being bullied. Their intentions are of the very best.. but their approach isn't exactly 'kosher'. 
Belali baldiz|2005|Dilek, a down-to-earth, happily married mom of three, had her tidy world up-ended by the arrival of her celebrity sister, Arzu. Dilek and her husband, Faruk will find new parenting challenges as Arzu tries to influence their three impressionable kids. Dilek (Berna LaÁin) and her dentist husband Faruk (Kenan Isik) has lived an ordinary life with their three children in Eskisehir(next to the capital city of Turkey, Ankara) until Faruk's sister-in-law Arzu (Nurg¸l Yesilcay), who went to Istanbul in order to be famous after high-school, moved in. 
Beleza Pura|2008|Guilherme is a jumbled and womanizing aeronautical engineer, who at the moment is in love with his neighbor, the beautician SÙnia, but lives to enjoy life and women with the money earned by the helicopters he designs. His new release is called Carcar·. One of the buyers of the machine is the eccentric entrepreneur Olavo Pederneiras, who aboard him, goes with a team to record an aesthetic program in the Amazon. But in a frame to destroy Guilherme, Norma Gusm„o, friend and workmate, in love and despised by him, sabotages the helicopter, which falls to kill Olavo, SÙnia, the journalist M·rcia, the writer and former doctor Alex and the chemist Mateus. Joana is a dermatologist who was abandoned by her mother at an orphanage, and now, with the money earned as an employee of the clinic of plastic surgeon Renato Reis, she can find it thanks to a detective. But Sonia has just passed away. The fates of Guillermo and Joana intersect when she knocks on the door of her mother's house and finds the engineer taking care of her younger siblings. Ruined and feeling guilty for the deaths, Guilherme decides to adopt Klaus and Dominique, and to play forward the project of the beauty clinic Pure Beauty, which SÙnia was about to inaugurate. As a good engineer, he gets into a lot of confusion, since he does not understand anything about cosmetics and beauty products. He and Joana fall in love and begin to live a beautiful relationship until Norma, once again, disrupts his life. And now he has the support of Renato, in love with Joana. Separated, Guilherme and Joana end up becoming rivals when she becomes a partner of the fun hairdresser Ivete - owner of the bustling Belezoca - and together they open the clinic Amor da Pele just in front of Guilherme, Pure Beauty. Between professional and amorous confusions, the passion between the couple only increases. 
Belgium's Got Talent|2012|Over the course of 11 episodes contestants are given the chance to prove their talent. During the first round of auditions contestants are granted two minutes to prove their talent. If a judge doesn't like the act, he or she can "buzz" (push the big, red button which makes a red cross appear above the stage). When all judges have buzzed, the act stops and the contestant is sent home. If not, then he or she may continue to the next round. In the next round, the judges take on the roll of observers. The episodes are aired live and the viewers vote. The contestant with the most votes advances to the finals. The judges decide whether the second or third place contestant is sent to the finals. In the finals the remaining 8 contestant perform one last time. Once again the viewers vote. This time the act having received the most votes is declared the winner. 
Belief|2015|Journeying to the far reaches of the world, and to places cameras have rarely been, "Belief" searches the origins of diverse faiths and the heart of what really matters. From the epic to the intimate, webbed throughout each hour are stories of people on spiritual journeys, taking them to sacred spaces. 
Believe It or Not|1949|The first season, beginning in March 1949, featured Robert L. Ripley sitting in a "living room" recounting tales of strange stories. Ripley died on 27 May and was replaced by Robert St. John who continued to November 1949. The second season, beginning in January 1950, was a dramatic anthology series based on Ripley's stories and featured guest players every week. 
Believe|2014|After an intense confrontation with Zepeda leaves Bo vulnerable, Winter turns to guardians from Bo's past to protect her once again. As Tate and Winter take risky action to help Bo, revisiting the girl's past reveals surprising information about Channing's history. At Orchestra, Skouras pushes Sean to control his telekinetic abilities, with dangerous results. After Bo is shot with a tranquilizer dart, Milton takes them to the closest safe haven he knows. Sarah and Karl MacKenzie had cared for Bo for a time but after an attack by Roman Skouris' head of security, Milton and Bo went on the run. They can't quite believe Milton has returned giving the harrowing and life threatening experience they had the last time. Things only get worse when Bo's condition seems to deteriorate. Milton says she may be going into degrade, a condition of high fever and coma when people like Bo overuse their powers. Tate begins to think that turning her over to Skouris and Orchestra may be their safest bet. 
Belisario DomÌnguez: la vida por la verdad|2013|The night of October 7, 1913, Senator Belisario DomÌnguez was abducted by the police officers in his room at the Hotel JardÌn in downtown, Mexico City. Possessing a relentless and unwavering moral, avid critic of usurper President Victoriano Huerta, the disappearance of the Chiapas' senator outraged Mexicans and encouraged them to fight the regime of terror imposed from the presidency, even before his murder was confirmed a year later. Behind the public figure of Chiapas' senator and his brave speeches against the Huerta regime exists, however, a most endearing story, the one of a doctor with medical studies in Paris, seated humbly in his native Comit·n, whose social and moral work still represents the best legacy to his countrymen. 
Bella Block|1994|Kurz vor seinem Ruhestand l‰dt Staatsanwalt Mehlhorn Bella Block zum Essen ein, um sie in einem brisanten Fall um Hilfe zu bitten. Doch bevor er sie ins Vertrauen ziehen kann, wird Mehlhorn durch einen Anschlag getˆtet. Die Ermittlungen f¸hren Kommissar Schnaak und Bella in einen Sumpf aus Korruption und Amtsmissbrauch in den Reihen der Hamburger Justiz und einer st‰dtischen Wohnungsbaugesellschaft. Wem ist Mehlhorn in die Quere gekommen? In seinen geheim gehaltenen Unterlagen entdeckt Bella Brisantes: ein st‰dtischer Baudirektor und seine Schwester, eine bekannte Familienrichterin, ein ber¸chtigter Immobilienanwalt wie auch Mehlhorns Vorgesetzter, Hamburgs Generalstaatsanwalt, sind tief verstrickt in die verbrecherischen Machenschaften. Nach seiner Weltumseglung schaut Bellas ehemaliger Lebensgef‰hrte Simon Abendroth bei ihr vorbei, um sie von ihren lebensgef‰hrlichen Recherchen abzuhalten. Und auch der aus der Provinz zur Hilfe eilende langj‰hrige Ermittlungskollege Jan Martensen ger‰t in das kriminelle Geflecht. Aber Bella Block l‰sst sich nicht beirren. 
Bella Maddo|2010|A pregnant sociopath compulsively values thinness over caring for her young daughter and unborn child. The director cast the ENTIRE ensemble with transgender actors (men, woman & children) portraying NON-transgender characters; with hopes of expanding acting opportunities for trans-people. This is the first time trans-actors have played such roles. Cast includes 9 year old transgender-girl Miss Jazz, who was featured in a Barbara Walters 20/20 special; notable model Miss Isis King, who was discovered by Tyra Banks Americas Top Model, and many other talented transgender actors. 
Bella bland kryddor och kriminella|2002|Gustav and Linn had a daughter 17 years ago who died when she was only 18 months old. He is still unwilling the visit the grave. Helena, an old flame of Gustav's return to Sweden after many years abroad. She break the news that Gustav has another daughter, Johanna. Gustav is very happy to learn that he is a father but Bella start to investigate if he really is the father. 
Bellator MMA Live|2013|Bellator mma is a mma organization where young up and coming fighters face older retired ufc fighters like. Some up and coming fighters would be michael chandler some older fighters would be kimbo slice, Ken shamrock, Royce Gracie. All of these fighters look to fight their way up the ranks to be a bellator champion. 
Bellbird|1967|Characters Ginny Campbell and Leo Hill tie the knot in the fictional country town of Bellbird. The wedding is attended by Leo's on-stage brother, Terry, former boyfriend of Ginny. This was Ginny and Leo's last appearance as regulars on Bellbird 
Belle Rive|1988|La tranquillitÈ de Phonse Brochu, un cÈlibataire endurci, est perturbÈe par l'arrivÈe inopinÈe de sa soeur Denise et de son fils de 19 ans, Bobi, en proie ‡ la dÈlinquance. Confident des gens du village, il arrive ‡ dÈmÍler les situations les plus impossibles en prodiguant ses conseils au curÈ, aux familles, et en jouant les mÈdiateurs entre la bande de jeunes et les habitants. 
Belle Vue|????|'Belle Vue' is a mockumentary style comedy/drama with some poignant undertones. It explores the inner workings of an exclusive gated community in Australia. Although entirely fictional, the show draws inspiration from very real gated communities operating within Australia today. The series focuses primarily on the lives of seven residents living with Belle Vue; wealthy South Africans Amanda, Monique and Charles, resident beauty therapist Wok, senior citizen Mindi, and the newly arrived Bob and Susan, a down to earth couple from Tasmania. Guiding us along our journey are reporter Simone, and the manager (or attempting to be) of Belle Vue, Henry. Joining them all is a cavalcade of other residents living within the gates. We watch as the residents lives unfold, particularly the tensions which ensue following the attempted integration of Bob and Susan. (Disappointingly) Relevant themes such as fear, xenophobia, control and isolation are explored through a vehicle that is funny, accessible, somewhat absurd, and of course, entertaining. 
Belle du Jour|2005|Superstars have their own personal stylists. Now, so does everyone in LA. LTN's new show Belle du Jour takes viewers inside a fashion-soaked city where style is diverse as Los Angeles itself. From Melrose to Montebello, Encino to Echo Park, Belle du Jour is the insider track to funky LA style - fresh off the city streets. We'll spotlight the makers and style-breakers behind LA looks and celebrate Hollywood's edgiest dressers. From hair-dids to Do-It-Yourself-Dresses, Belle du Jour will give LA viewers the style makeover they've been waiting for. We'll offer the latest (and greatest) information on local boutiques, store buyers, designers and stylists with LA roots. 
Belle et SÈbastien|1965|Sylvia, who has got back to Pierre, orders him to choose between her and SÈbastien. Pierre, in desperation, picks on everyone and mostly on Belle. He even has her locked up. Sick at heart, SÈbastien understands that he is the object of resentment... 
Belle …poque|1995|Tout commence quand Lucien Lachenay, cÈlËbre constructeur du trottoir roulant de l'Exposition Universelle de 1900, sauve la vie de la belle Alice Avellano, que son mari, devenu fou, tentait d'Ètrangler. Lucien Lachenay est lui-mÍme menacÈ par un groupe d'anarchistes qui ont chargÈ un jeune travailleur, Alphonse, de le supprimer. Alphonse bousille le travail, mais Lucien, impressionnÈ par l'Ènergie inÈpuisable et la soif de connaissance de celui-ci, accepte d'Ítre son mentor au lieu de le livrer ‡ la police. Au cours des annÈes qui suivront, Lucien, Alphonse, Alice et la jeune et sÈduisante Laure se mesureront au jeu de la rivalitÈ, de la trahison et de la rÈconciliation. 
Belle-Baie|2008|Belle-Baie est un petit village qui prend plaisir ‡ s'imaginer Ítre le centre de la planËte. Autour de Margot, la propriÈtaire du ´ diner ª local, et de ses jumeaux ados de 15 ans, gravite en effet tout un univers. PÍcheurs, travailleurs d'usine, gens du village, jeunes et vieux, japonais ou amÈricains acheteurs de poisson, touristes en quÍte de couleur locale - tout le monde passe par le resto de Margot. Il y a aussi bien s˚r les fidËles habituÈs: Ginette, meilleure amie de Margot; Laura et Chantal, le couple de lesbiennes travailleuses d'usine qui souhaite adopter une petite Chinoise; Max Landry, revenu dans la rÈgion, qui rÍve de projets ambitieux et quelques autres personnages hors du commun. 
Belles du Crazy Horse|2006|Fasty, who comes back to the Crazy Horse after a nose operation, will have to catch up after her 10-day absence. While, all her fellow-dancers have had their debuts, Fasty has trouble finding her marks. Her moves are sloppy, she hasn't got the beat and Sofia hesitates putting her on stage. 
Bellevue|2017|Thrilling and eerie, Bellevue is a mystery set in a small blue-collar town with a lot of 'good people' who 'live right' and take it upon themselves to make sure the neighbours do too. Driving the series is Detective Annie Ryder (Anna Paquin), a cop whose intense and brazen personality has always been at odds with her hometown. When a transgender teen goes missing, Annie dives in to unravel the disappearance that suggests foul play, despite finding herself in a difficult position as she must cast suspicion on people she has known all her life. As the case pulls her further away from her family, she is also confronted by a mysterious person from her past with disturbing answers and a terrifying need to get inside her head. 
Bellicher|2010|Dutch software consultancy firm's rising man Michael Bellicher's life turns into a living nightmare when he's framed for a murder and later other crimes by the well-connected goons of the mysterious Mr. Miller, who also try to kill him. He must risk appealing to now uncertain loyalties to find out who and why, avoid the police and counter what turns out to be an EU-wide virtual conspiracy. 
Belligerent Drunks and Paranoid Stoners|2011|Four friends chasing a similar dream living in one house in L.A. They eventually take a nose dive into regularity, and realize just how tough it is to "make it in L.A." With drugs and alcohol fueling their child-like mentality, the boys get in over their heads with each new adventure. 
Bellman Chronicles: Hollywood|2016|BELLMAN CHRONICLES is a single camera, half hour, workplace comedy which gives a never before seen look into the world of the unsung heroes of the hospitality business: the bellmen. This original, new series will deliver a revealing look at what goes on in a boutique hotel in Hollywood. Watch as we show hilarious tales from the motley bell staff as they overcome the absurdity and oddity of their daily lives; intertwined with that of the unhinged Hollywood elite and other eccentric highbrow clientele. 
Belly Up!|2013|The Thirsty Fish in Seattle, Washington doesn't have a problem attracting a crowd for drinks, but it can't seem to get them to stay for the food. Husband and wife owners have sunk the bulk of their retirement savings into the bar and feel an enormous pressure to keep it profitable for their son. Chef Eddie Russell rises to the occasion and gives The Thirsty Fish a menu and redesign it can be proud of. 
Belmonte|2013|In the municipality of Estremoz, in the Alentejo, five children, adopted children of the Alentejo patriarch Emilio Belmonte (Antonio Capelo), manage the business group Belmonte, holder of companies in the business of Winemaking, Oils, Marble Exploration, hunting tourism and Financial Investments and Real Estate . 
Beloved|2015|What if Marriage is more than a simple contract between two people, based on romance, mutual fulfillment and basic attraction? What if, created into the very design of humanity, God has placed a purposeful desire to unite a man and a woman into something mysterious, holy and eternal? Beloved explores the true meaning of Marriage and how to live it out together. Here you'll discover the deepest spiritual, emotional and practical realities of Marriage through Scripture, Tradition and Church Teaching. You'll see first-hand how to experience the wonder, mystery and joy of this Sacrament - from that first "I do" through the rest of your lives. 
Below Deck Mediterranean|2016|Hannah's migraine explodes when the charter guests bring back a large group of girls on board. Upon their exit, the bachelors anoint Danny as the charter MVP, much to the chagrin of Bobby and Bryan. And, Danny continues to lose the respect of his crew by breaking yet another yachtie code and inserting himself into Hannah and Ben's business. 
Below Deck|2013|Sierra spirals out of control. Emily questions if Ben is truly "just friends" with Kate. Kyle makes Ashley a very attractive offer. Kate sits Nico and Lauren down for a one-on-one chat and Ben crosses a line with Kate that changes the dynamic of their friendship forever. 
Below the Belt|2003|Hosted by the "world famous" Baroness Coral von Reefenhausen, Below the Belt is a cheeky show that takes an irreverent, fun, and risquÈ look at adult topics in Johannesburg and Cape Town. As a veritable fish out of water, she tackles subjects including the singles scene, nudity, pornography, S&M, swinging, prostitution, gay nightlife, adult tourism and other topics of interest 'hidden' in the underworlds and nightlife of greater Johannesburg and Cape Town. It's part chat and part expose - made all the more unique by the very memorable Baroness. 
Below the Surface|2018|In the year 2110, the world that once was would cease to exist. Global warming finally ran its course, causing the polar ice caps to dwindle away to nothing. Large-scale climate changes surged an infinite worldwide storm, leaving the planet overridden with water. The earth's extreme weather and towering rogue waves made it impossible to reside topside, forcing the human race below the surface... Before the great flood, all the countries of the world called on their greatest architectural scientists and structural engineers to design underwater, life sustaining cities called "Aquatic Metros". Buildings and biospheres that were equipped with hydroelectric energy generators, oxygen reprocessing units, hydroponic chambers, and salt water filtration/converter systems. More than half of the world's population didn't survive the storm. Chaos bled through the underwater cities as claustrophobia set in. Crime ran rampant as governments dissolved. Cultures blended, creating new societies and new governments, divided by oceans. This is where our story begins. Over a century after the earth was consumed, an adventuring SV pilot and explorer investigates the aquatic underworld for extraordinary riches aboard the submersible relic Pangea. 
Belphegor|1965|Paris, France,1965. A mysterious masked figure haunted the nights in the Louvre Museum. When a museum guard is found murdered, police commissioner MÈnardier is leading the murder case. Fascinated by the gruesome stories about the phantom of the Louvre, called 'BelphÈgor' by the Parisians, the young journalist AndrÈ; Belleguarde is to investigate too. One night AndrÈ even locks himself up in the museum. AndrÈ; is assisted by Colette MÈnardier, the snappy young daughter of the commissioner. Suspicious behavior show the old Lady Hodwin, the alchemist Boris Williams and the attractive though unattainable Laurence Borrell and her lost twin sister Stephanie. AndrÈ's position becomes more complex when both Colette MÈnardier and Laurence Borell appear to be in love with him. 
Ben & Holly's Little Kingdom|2009|It's autumn and the Elves and Nanny Plum are busy clearing up all the leaves. Suddenly the squirrels arrive with a mission to store acorns in the Great Elf Tree. Acorn Day has arrived, but the Wise Old Elf, dressed as a squirrel himself, has a cunning idea to rid the tree of the acorns. Unfortunately this doesn't quite go to plan! 
Ben & Travis|2013|Ben Jenkin and Travis Wong with the first of many backyard sessions at Neverland. Joined by world renown stuntman and martial arts tricker Anis Cheurfa, the guys mix it up and show their skills on the court. The second in a series of episodes following professional freerunner and stuntman Ben "Jenx" Jenkin and professional host and stuntman Travis Wong. Watch them and their adventures as Ben has just moved to Los Angeles to pursue his career, while Travis handles filming projects and running the newly opened Joining All Movement Center. 
Ben 10|2005|While visiting Salem, the Tennysons encounter Charmcaster. She casts a spell and captures Ben in a magical sphere, but Gwen collides with the sphere and switches bodies with Charmcaster instead. As Charmcaster (as Gwen) gathers ingredients for another transference spell, Gwen (as Charmcaster) has to escape juvenile hall and get her family to realize a switch has taken place. 
Ben 10: Alien Force|2008|The Plumbers' Helpers receive two calls from Plumber Research Satellite Delta orbiting Earth. The first, a distress call from Max; the second, a warning from Ben/Humungousaur to stay clear. Clearly something's amiss, and the Helpers fly up to the satellite to check it out. Max leaves a recorded warning for them to stay together as they try to rendezvous, but Ben - malicious, evil, and very possibly possessed - prowls the satellite, systematically dividing and conquering the Helpers one by one, keeping them from Max. In the struggle to bring their hero Ben down, they knock the satellite from its orbit, and a hard choice must be made. 
Ben 10: Ultimate Alien|2010|Driven to insanity through his absorption of power, Kevin has set off to collect on old debts, both great and small, including retribution for the death of a mentor while imprisoned in the Null Void. Ben and Gwen transport to the Null Void to warn Warden Morgg of the likely attempt on his life; but, as they quickly find themselves unwelcome guests, the presence of mining equipment clue the pair onto prison practices that shouldn't be there. 
Ben 10: Ultimate Challenge|2011|Based on the series, Ben 10, this TV game-show sends four fans to Ben's secret base to learn the secrets of the Omnitriks and fight with the villain Ilgaksom. Participants compete in question rounds and perform tasks of skill and ingenuity. 
Ben Casey|1961|Professional quarterback Terry Dunne (Neville Brand) is hospitalized with an unknown, but debilitating, illness. When he is diagnosed with a serious, but perhaps operable, brain tumor, Dunne decides that his team's life insurance policy makes him more valuable dead than alive (but unable to participate in sports). Can Dr. Casey convince this talented, well-educated, and intelligent man that he is worth more than money AND that life after football may be more rewarding to his family than a financially secure, but fatherless home? 
Ben Elton: The Man from Auntie|1990|Ben Elton talks about people from the planet Boring and riffs on pop stars like Bros and Jive Bunny. He hands out the Neville Chamberlain Awards for fatuous flatulence in the face of a microphone. And hosts A Farties Guide to Microwave Cookers. Then he explains his stance on car stickers and contraception. 
Ben Fogle: New Lives in the Wild|2013|British adventurer 'Ben Fogle' (qv) visits utterly desolate places in different outward parts of the world where men, alone or with a family, forsake most modern comforts and almost any social life, for different motives. Ben spends a week with each, experiencing the hardships, challenges and rewards of a life in sync and constantly challenged by nature, largely dependent on one's own abilities. Like a fish out of water, British urbanite and eager adventurer Ben Fogle attempts to follow in the footsteps of various individuals, who against all odds, have willingly forsaken the luxuries and lifestyle of the modern world, for a less-than-ordinary life in the wilderness. Under those circumstances and always challenged by nature's caprices, Ben and his crew armed with original curiosity, delve deep into the virtues of the alternative living and explore the exciting and out of the ordinary way of life of those bold enough to inhabit the four corners of the earth, staying practically off the grid. 
Ben Hall|1975|Ben Hall was originally a free settler, but minor misunderstandings, and difficulties lead him to trouble which seemed to escalate to the point where he became an outlaw. 
Ben Hur|2010|Judah Ben-Hur lives in Jerusalem with his mother Ruth,sister Tirzah and his friend Messala,illegitimate son of the patrician Roman Marcellus who has virtually disowned the boy. On reaching manhood Messala becomes an officer in the Roman army and is part of a parade headed by governor Pontius Pilate which will march in triumph through Jerusalem to show Roman power. Judah's family watch but accidentally dislodge a tile from the roof which hits Pilate. The family steward David,a Zealot,exploits the accident to start a riot. Seeking to show the governor his power Messala has the family arrested. The women are imprisoned and Simonides,father of Judah's betrothed Esther,crucified - though he survives. Judah is sent as a galley slave in chains and on his way to the ship encounters Jesus. After three years as a galley slave Judah's intelligence impresses the admiral,wealthy Roman Quintus Arrius,and when the ship is involved in a battle with pirates Arrius has Judah's chains unlocked. Ony Judah and Arrius survive the attack,the young slave saving the older man's life and when they are ultimately rescued Arrius makes Judah his son,renaming him Sextus Arrius. 
Ben Jerrod|1963|Like CBS-TV's "The Edge of Night", this serial focused on the legal exploits of a small-town attorney. Title character Ben Jerrod practiced law in the fictional community of Indian Hill, Rhode Island, where he successfully defended young socialite Janet Donelli on a murder charge. 
Ben Onu «ok Sevdim|2013|Came to power in the Democratic Party government in 1950 and prime minister described the Adnan Menderes period of turbulent processes in inhabited political journey I loved him very much, following the Korean War, the Soviet threat, NATO accession process and the government of the increasingly difficult political surfaced the structuring junta plans to overthrow the atmosphere offers a panorama. Children and husband Adnan Menderes Menderes since forever linked with all kinds of difficulties that had borne the family, relatives and colleagues Ayhan Aydan told that a big fall in love. People hung in front of the eyes of a prime minister will witness the way she walked to the gallows, respect the memory of the saint. 
Ben and Burman|2011|BEN AND BURMAN is an original web series about two vertically-challenged, polar opposite roommates. Burman is the world's biggest scum-rat mooch, while Ben is an anal-retentive clean-freak. As best buddies, they take each other to their wit's end through agitated banter, plans gone awry, and a crack-squad of off-kilter friends and foes. Ben is the voice of reason, and Burman is the scheming loon. No matter how hard Ben tries to achieve success in romance, career aspirations, and personal tranquility, Burman finds a way to completely wreck everything. The series runs the gamut: Zombies, Nazis, Santa Claus, Supermodels, Time Travel, Robbery -- no subject is off limits. After not speaking since grade school, childhood best friends Ben and Burman reconnect after Burman shows up on Ben's doorstep, down on his luck. Ben reluctantly lets Burman sleep on the couch of his one-bedroom bachelor pad for "a few nights." After a while, it becomes clear Burman has no intention of ever leaving - and Ben doesn't have the guts to kick him out. The boys begin to rely on each other, becoming inseparable: Burman needs Ben to support his freeloading lifestyle, and Ben needs Burman to bring a little chaos to an otherwise drab existence. The series thrusts the boys into endless ridiculous adventures in an off-beat, suburban neighborhood. The show melds a wacky cartoon world with gritty realism. Burman continually befriends vagrants, thieves, and children to assist in get-rich-quick schemes. Through it all, he drags Ben along - consequences be damned. As a result, Ben's love life, career, and finances become painfully unstable. With dozens of original characters and shockingly in-your-face humor, BEN AND BURMAN is the craziest web series to ever hit the Internet. A throw-back homage to the comedy duos of old, Ben and Burman is a modern day odd couple pairing. Ben, an anal-retentive control-freak, and Burman, the world's biggest scum-rat, take each other to their wit's end through agitated banter, plans gone awry, and a crack squad of off-kilter friends and foes. 
Ben and James Versus the Arabian Desert|2013|James Cracknel and Ben Fogle trek deep into the Empty Quarter of the Arabian Desert in the footsteps of explorer Wilfred Thesiger. They train with Bedouin tribesman and, with only four grumpy camels for company, push themselves and their friendship to the limit. 
Ben and Kate|2012|Hearing his first love Darcy is moving into 'their' dream house with her husband, Ben wants to steal the tree he always imagined carving a canoe from to give her a Viking burial. BJ comes along and insists to push Ben's closure fantasies, however awkward for all of them. Ben ignores Kate's expressed, annual wish not to celebrate her birthday, deciding she should finally make up her 21st, when she let motherhood take over. Inviting her college buddy Molly initially changes her mind, but the two sneak off from the surprise party and don't see eye to eye anymore about nightlife. 
Ben et Thomas|2008|Ben and Thomas are two best friends. Ben is Jewish, Thomas is of a north African descent from his mother side. Ben is a dreamer and an intellectual, Thomas is adventurous and wild. What brings them together is skateboarding : if they could, they would spend their days practicing and going down the streets of their little suburban town. But, at age 15, they both share another special interest : girls. At school, they take great care at not being considered nerds and the truth is they are not good at dating. A situation that puzzles them, especially when their elders show off their dates and put them to shame... 
Ben y¸e|2003|This dramatic serial is based on the amalgamation of two Chinese legends, "Chang Er Flies to The Moon" (a beautiful yet haunting tale), and "Hou Yi Shoots The Suns" (a heroic yet tragic legend). In fact, the Chinese custom of celebrating the Mid-Autumn Festival on the fifteenth day of the eighth lunar month originated from both legends. By building on and making inferences from these two popular legends, this 30-episode period drama with romance and action has been created. Our story starts with an introduction to Liu An, a prince in the Han dynasty, whose interests in myths and legends sparked a desire desire to pen down the beautiful love story of Chang Er and Hou Yi. Legend has it that the Heavenly Jade Emperor has an extra-marital affair which resulted in the birth of Chang Er. In order to appease the Heavenly Empress Xi He, he gives her all authority over the love affairs in heaven. Hou Yi is a Heavenly Archer who is upright and righteous albeit rather tactless. As a result of his lack of EQ, he is banished to the Earth to help the common folk. There, he gets adopted into an earthly family and learns to appreciate human relationships and love. Meanwhile in the moon, the moon fairy Chang Er is getting bored. When Dragon escaped from heaven to create havoc on Earth, she eagerly volunteered to help recapture Dragon. However, this enthusiasm is dampened by Hou Yi's blunt remarks about her being naÔve and ignorant of the beauty of love found on Earth as well as the plight that Dragon has put humans in. Determined to prove Hou Yi wrong, she leaves her moon palace and descends to the Earth secretly. In working together with Hou Yi to help the villages fight against Dragon, Chang Er and Hou Yi develop mutual affections for each other. However, Hou Yi's earthly brother Feng Yi also falls for Chang Er. Chang Er's friend Luo Pin, who is the daughter of Immortal Fu Xi, is also mesmerized by Hou Yi. To make the four-sided relationship even more complicated, Xi He finds out about Chang Er and Hou Yi's relationship and is bent on separating them. Coupled with her Sun Crown Prince's deep hatred for Hou Yi, they begin their horrid plans to make the two lovers suffer. The plans culminated into a plot to destroy Earth and to re-create a new one. The ten Sun Princes appear in the sky together to bring the earth to an unbearable scorching temperature. In order to save humankind, Hou Yi and Chang Er must obtain the Fiery Bow and Ice Arrow from the hottest and coldest parts of Heaven and Earth simultaneously. But to do so, they have to take the elixir of two extremes respectively to protect themselves from the elements. This elixir will also result in the two lovers being separated forever. 
Ben's Menu|2014|Ben's Menu is an exciting foodie series hosted by Masterchef favourite, Ben Milbourne. Filmed at Ben's picturesque farmhouse in northwest Tasmania, Ben's Menu unearths Australia's best produce to create dishes that'll make your mouth water. Ben cooks with friends and family, shares his most cherished recipes, and all the cooking tips he's picked up on his journey from high school teacher to acclaimed cook. 
Ben-To|2011|Sato Yo is an ordinary high school boy who likes playing games on his SEGA console. One day when he decided to buy bento for dinner at the local grocery store, he suddenly lost consciousness. When he finally came to, he had no memory of what happened and no idea his life was about to change. 
Bench and Bar|????|showcases the lives of public defenders and their indigent compelling cases that are centered upon criminal defense and the politics of lawyering. An eye-opening series with a great background story about the lives of defense attorneys, judges, corporations and politicians. One of the attorneys is a former convicted felon who experiences backlash from judges, lawyers and the community regarding their ability to practice law. 
Bench to Bedside|2012|"Dakota's Brain" tells the uplifting story of Dakota, a 10-year old rescue dog suffering from brain cancer, and the cutting-edge medicine that promises a cure for Dakota - and for humans too. When Dakota is diagnosed, owner Dee Mueller is devastated. Determined to keep Dakota alive, Dee brings Dakota to Dr. John Ohlfest and Dr. Elizabeth Pluhar who are on a mission to cure the deadliest forms of brain cancer that afflict both pets and humans. In this inspiring episode, viewers go deep inside the labs of University of Minnesota where Ohlfest and Pluhar have discovered what could be a viable cure for certain brain cancers. Their revolutionary brain tumor vaccine is keeping dogs with brain cancer alive - and they hope it can do the same for people. First, they need to test the vaccine, which works by training the immune system to recognize brain cancer and kill it. Dogs that are receiving the treatment are living happy and active lives, rather than dying painful deaths within months. In the stirring conclusion, Dakota not only survives, but thrives. And Dee has helped advance this new treatment, which someday may inform cures for human brain cancer. 
Benched|2014|After losing her boyfriend and her high-powered job as an attorney all on one day, Nina finds that the only job available to her is at the Public Defender's office. She quickly realizes that the system is more screwed up than her own crazy personal life. 
Benchmark|2015|A show where one person has a go at guessing whether the number of something (E.g. How many adults in the UK own a mobile phone?) Is higher or lower than the average of 10 others who guess along with the player, however these aren't actually part of the competition. 
Benders|2015|Follows a team of friends bonded by an irrational obsession with their men's hockey team, The Chubbys. While their hockey skills may be limited, their passion is not, as shown by the chaos of their devotion to the game created in their everyday lives. 
Bendzin|2016|The year is 1938. War is on the horizon. A tale of loyalty, courage, and sacrifice, this epic miniseries tells the story of a group of ordinary people who band together and help each other escape the hideous, long arm of the Third Reich. Will they remain true to each other? Will they survive? 
Beneath the Lies|2014|Within the city of Kampala, lies a seedy underbelly of blackmail, drug trafficking, child prostitution and exploitation of women run by an unknown racket. When the lies beneath each relationship are exposed and loyalties are tested, only death and chaos can ensue 
Benefits by the Sea: Jaywick|2015|Cameras follow some of the 5,000 residents of Jaywick in north Essex. Ex-convict Fred struggles to survive the winter in his unheated caravan. Landlords Barry and Suzy are left facing a £5,000 repair bill after a tenant does a moonlit flit. 
Benelux' Next Top Model|2009|The models get catwalk lessons from Janice Dickinson. Afterwards, they are sent for their first go and see. They later have their make-over, which does not satisfy every girl. Furthermore, a shoot at the graveyard terrifies some. Meanwhile, some of the women have trouble with a new rule in the house: give up smoking. At the end, Daphne shocks the contestant by eliminating two models. 
Bengleton Socks|2016|In "Made in America", Bob Williams is not happy about having so many products in his house made over seas and he's going to do something about it. In "Family Tradition" a young boy doesn't want any part of the Bengleton Sock tradition In "Scared Sockless" there's a monster on the loose in the mountains of TN and no one's Bengleton Socks are safe In "Naughty or Nice" What happened to this man's Bengleton Stocking? Who replaced it with a 'Dorkington" one instead. 
Benidorm Bastards|2010|A Flemish variation on candid camera. Each episode consists of loose sketches where one or more senior actors, surprise other people by atypically mischievous, often rude or even gross behavior. 
Benidorm|1989|Gaston's job as lush businessman Karel's car and parking attendant barely makes ends meet, so he considers the annual Blankenberge (home coast) holiday expensive enough, but his wife AngËle is jealous of her 'friends' bragging about travels abroad, so she is dead-set on the most popular beach destination: Benidorm, Spain. Gaston isn't easily persuaded, until his greater fear, mother-in-law, invites them for a Blankenberge holiday and a friend offers them free house-sitting in Benidorm. 
Benjamin Franklin|2002|In American history, few people have cut a more impressive figure than Benjamin Franklin. Beginning with his successful journalism and publishing careers, Franklin began a life of extraordinary achievement and variety. This series covers the multifaceted man whose life included public service, diplomacy, science, inventing and political action that would help redefine a world. 
Benjamin the Elephant|2002|Baron Blunderbuss asks Benjamin to help out at an auction as an auctioneer. But Benjamin has to take care of Rocky Raccoon. He's sad because he hasn't got a friend to play with. Only when the Baron persuades an old friend to bring along her raccoon as a playmate for Rocky, does Benjamin agree to do it. 
Benji, Zax & the Alien Prince|1983|Far distant from Earth on a red planet of Antars, a tyrant Zanu has killed their king and imprisoned the queen. The crown prince, their son, named Yubi (Christopher Burton) has escaped to Earth in a company of the droid Zax (voiced by Ric Spiegel), where they have become friends with a stray dog named Benji. 
Bennie|1997|A puppet series based on international animal tales. For children from 4 up. The fairy-tale world of Mrs van Santen comes to life as soon as six-year-old Benny steps into her house. In each episode she tells an exciting story illustrated by strange and everyday objects in her house. The stories have their origins in different cultures. 
Bennight Brothers|2013|Death is only the beginning for Brice and Carter as they awaken in the Elysium fields of dread. Although legend speaks of this place as a bright and wonderful place the truth of the darkness within will be revealed. Something has corrupted the Elysium fields and now it's after the Brothers. Will they be able to outrun it, and who is the mysterious stranger who leads them down a ghostly path back to the land of the living? 
Benny Hill|1962|This timeless modern slapstick-format doesn't really have a plot, but is an irresistible rapid succession of independent short, comical scenes, mostly without any text, often using artificial speed enhancing in the countless chases, which have little in common except the eponymous title-hero himself, who like several frequently recurring sidekicks (especially the old bald guy, who gets countless knocks all over the place) turns up in all sort of places and is frequently tempted by too blond, young and long-legged to be true Benny Hill-girls, getting in - but mostly also out of all kinds of trouble with jealous husbands, police etcetera. 
Benpao ba xiongdi|2014|The members are split up into 3 teams: Yellow (Chao DENG, Chen LI, Ma SU), Blue (He CHEN, Kai ZHENG, Angelababy), and Red (Baoqiang WANG, Cholam WONG, Xiao DOU). The goal is retrieve the lost treasure, a jade white snake, with hints received from successfully completing missions. Running Man (KR) cast member Jongkook KIM guests as a hunter in the final mission. 
Benross|2017|Benross is from Washington, DC and he is always getting into mischiefs at school, and of course at home. His Parent sends him to Africa(South Africa) to learn about his roots. He is in a New environment, New school, New friends, and New mischiefs to get into. Benross is from Washington, D.C., and he is always getting into mischief at school, and of course at home. His parents send him to South Africa to learn about his roots. He is in a New environment, New school, New friends, and New mischief. 
Benson|1979|In this spinoff of "Soap," Benson DuBois is sent out West to serve as butler to widowed state governor Gene Gatling, an honest but bumbling servant of the people. Although he has his rivals in German maid Kraus and persnickety aides Clayton and Taylor, Benson, armed with an acerbic wit and plenty of smarts, becomes the Governor's close friend and helper, and eventually is elected Lieutenant Governor. Benson, the butler from SOAP, was sent by his employer to her cousin, Gene Gatling, a lovable idiot who somehow got to be elected governor, to help him out. Benson began running the household and got opposition from Taylor, who didn't like Benson's meddling. Gretchen Kraus, the housekeeper, is a bitch and is constantly butting heads with Benson. But he does have an ally in Marcy, the governor's secretary, and he is like a second father to the Governor's daughter, Katie. The next season, Clayton Endicott, the Governor's speechwriter, becomes another thorn in Benson's side. Pete Downy, yet another staff member, gets Benson's goat but only because he's an idiot. Benson would eventually become the Governor's new budget director and acquire a new secretary, Denise, who's a bit ditsy but would prove to be helpful to Benson. Benson eventually becomes the Lieutenant Governor. Though technically only in charge of Governor Gatling's household, Benson (the only sane person on hand) solves everyone else's problems. One nemesis is Gretchen, the German housekeeper; another is the Governor's intelligent daughter Katie. The Governor's aides mostly get in the way. Benson DuBois, a sharp-tongued and fiendishly intelligent man, is assigned to serve as butler to Governor Eugene Gatling, a well-meaning but ineffectual public servant. Benson's seemingly lowly role, however, allows him to observe and involve himself with Governor Gatling's staff, with whom he frequently clashes due to their serial ineptitude or arrogance - among his most frequent adversaries are Gatling's aide-de-camp Clayton Endicott III and the German woman in charge of the mansion's kitchen, Gretchen Kraus. Benson's wit and intelligence allow him to help his adversaries and the Governor, and these twin qualities result in a steady stream of promotions, to budgetary director and eventually to serve as Gatling's lieutenant governor. However, eventually Benson finds himself running for governor against Gatling, a race that strains the two men's friendship; both men, however, realize how much more important friendship is, and their relationship is healed as they await the final tally of the election. 
Bent|2012|On the surface, Alex and Pete could not be more different. The recently divorced Alex is a hard-working, high-strung lawyer who is raising her 10-year-old daughter, Charlie, as a single mom following her husband's incarceration for insider trading. Unwilling to let anything get in her way, she downsizes into a smaller house and hires charismatic Pete, a free-spirited ladies man and recovering gambling addict who desperately needs this gig with Alex to jumpstart his life -- and prove that he is no longer a screw-up. Upon hiring him, Alex quickly realizes that she has met her match in Pete, who -- along with his motley construction crew - will not only tear apart her kitchen, but transform her worldview in the process. 
Beograd veciti grad|2011|History of Belgrade, capital of Serbia, since the Neolithic time and Vinca culture, spanning almost seven millennia, more than 115 battles and countless armies that ravaged city, and often left it completely in ruins. Series cover most historical records, but also not so known facts and interesting stories about city and its inhabitants. 
Beowulf: Return to the Shieldlands|2016|Beowulf returns to his homeland of Herot in the Shieldlands to pay his respects to deceased king Hrothgar (William Hurt). But past jealousies mean Beowulf gets a frosty welcome, especially from Hrothgar's wife, Rheda (Joanne Whalley), and son, Slean (Ed Speelers). 
Bep Hat: The Kitchen Musical|2013|Set in the musical world of a famous restaurant and anchored around the storyline of a rich young girl's journey of self-discovery when she starts working in the kitchen of the restaurant, straight out of Le Cordon Bleu, Paris. She goes to work at her father's restaurant, The Avilon, and learns that she cannot always get her way by being Daddy's girl. 
Beppie|1989|Jacques and Beppie are killed in a car crash but are not allowed to enter heaven together unless Jacques performs a good deed back on earth. He is send back to their former home to put the failing marriage of the new inhabitants, Norbert and Maddy back on track. 
Bergen Binnen|2003|In this spin-off from "Oppassen!!!" (1990), grandfather Willem Bol sees his family depart to London. He decides to move to live with a good friend of his, a former operasinger. She lives in a mansion with three other older people, with a couple and their son taking care of them. After a few months Willem rejoins his family in London when he comes to the conclusion he is sick and tired of the busy life in the mansion. 
Bergerac|1981|At a party given on his boat by former rock drummer Boy Buckley, Rupert Galliers and his wife Emerald fall overboard and Rupert is pronounced dead whilst Emerald is in a coma. Jim learns that Galliers was heavily in debt, had caused a company to go bankrupt, imported cocaine and was unfaithful. This leads to the conclusion that one of the party-goers had cause to murder him. Jim must find out which one. 
Berhma|2011|The town of Berhma used to be a peaceful southern town, where the biggest worry the Sheriff and Deputy ever had was who was making the next donut run. But now their town has been plagued buy anything and everything supernatural. If it's not a Were Wolf attacking the town, it's Zombies, Witches, Mummies or even a Killer Santa. How will the Sheriff and Deputy protect the town when they can't even count to 10. 
Bering Sea Gold|2012|The Pomrenkes hit pay dirt and bring in 10 pounds of gold. Recently fired Scott swallows his pride and asks Hank for his old job back, but can he last? On the tiny Minnow, can hot-headed Kris keep the peace with arrogant Glen long enough to get the gold? 
Bering Sea Gold: Under the Ice|2012|Follows three gold mining teams run by driven dredge captains whose very livelihoods depend on mining this wet and frozen gold. Split second thinking, extreme focus, and team work are key to staying alive under the ice. The risks are great, and the payoff even greater. 
Berlin 1936: Games of the XI Olympiad|1936|The 10th Olympic Summer Games were held in Berlin, Germany from August 1 to 16, 1936. About 110,000 spectators were present during the opening ceremony at the Lustgarden Olympic stadium. It was the first Olympics to be televised and that too for free! During the Parade of Nations 50 countries took part. It is believed that the Olympic salute was used by the Nazis for their 'sieg heil' which was first seen at the 1912 Stokcholm games. The Olympic torch which had been ignited on July 20, 1936 in Olympia was brought by runners and finally carried by middle distance runner Fritz Schilgen who lit the Olympic brazier. Hitler declared the games open. World records were established during the games: Jesse Owens (USA) 100 mtr men @ 10.3 secs (a record that would stand till Rome 1960), John Lovelock (NZL) 1500 mtr men @ 3:47.8, Volmari Iso-Hollo (FIN) 3000 mtr steeplechase men @ 9:03.8, 4x100 mtr men USA @ 39.8, Naoto Tajima (JPN) triple jump men @ 16 ft and Glenn Morris (USA) decathlon men @ 7900 pts among others. There were also contests in architecture, literature, music, painting and graphic arts, sculpture and merits for alipinism & aeronautics! Jesse Owens would be the most celebrated athlete of the games winning 4 gold (100 mtrs, 200 mtrs, 4X100 mtr relay & long jump), setting 2 world records and 2 olympic records. The closing ceremony was held on August 16, 1936. It would be the last Olympic game for next 12 years. The 1940 Games was scheduled for Helsinki but cancelled because of World War 2. At the end of the games the top 3 medal winning countries based on total medals tally were: Germany 89, USA 56 and Italy 22. 
Berlin Alexanderplatz|1980|This film, which is basically the longest narrative film ever made, is a 15-1/2 hour episodic exploration of the character of Franz Biberkopf, "hero" of Alfred Dˆblin's acclaimed novel, as well as the Alexanderplatz area of Berlin that he inhabits. 
Berlin Break|1993|The Berlin Wall is gone; so for all intents and purposes, the Cold War is over. In Berlin, Mac Mackenzie a former spy and currently the proprietor of Mac's - a bar in Berlin which is considered to be neutral territory during the Cold War, is kidnapped. Two of his regulars and friends, Valentin Renko, a former KGB agent, and Willy Richter, a BND operative are asked by Mac's daughter to try and find him. After they do, they decide to team up and be investigators. 
Berlin Lady|1991|Boro's adventure begins in Paris in the late twenties. As a minor employee in a photographic agency, he works for a pittance. However, thanks to his love of life, his handsome appearance and his appeal to women, he leads a varied and turbulent life. In spite of his numerous affairs, the great love of his life is his cousin, Maryika, the famous actress from Berlin. When Boro learns that Maryika is expected in Munich for the premiere of her latest film, he decides to visit her there. Boro is disappointed in his meeting with Maryika; he has to spend the night alone on the couch. However, on the following day Maryika surprises him with a present: a Leica camera. He starts taking photos even before he leaves the shop. When one of the other customers notices this and angrily demands the film from Boro, he refuses and together with Maryika he drives off. Shortly after Boro has left for Paris, Maryika's flat is ransacked and she herself is threatened by some ruffians, who work for Friedrich von Riegenburg. He demands the film but since he is strongly attracted to Maryika, however, he spares her life. When Boro develops the film months later, he discovers who he has accidentally photographed. It is a mysterious, well-know politician, who is said to be a member of a secret European order, in a somewhat compromising situation with the pretty shop assistant of the photographic shop. Boro decides to shed light on the wheelings and dealings of the order. He thus publishes the photo. Back to Paris Boro learns that one of his many lovers, countess Albina d'Abrantes, is married to a member of this order. Boro persuades her to help him. Countess Albina hates her husband and is naturally willing to co-operate with Boro. One night, they both follow the count's car to the prohibited zone on the German border. Boro takes photos of the count spying on the French military installations at the frontier. Shortly after this, the countess tells Boro that her husband is planning a meeting with a member of the order in Berlin. Because of the publication of the photos, Maryika has warned her cousin not to set a foot inside Germany. In spite of this, Boro travels to Berlin, where, in a cafÈ, he observes the count in conversation with Friedrich von Riegenburg. When Boro visits Maryika in her apartment, her reaction is distraught. She is hiding a young persecutee, Dimitri, in the attic. As she suspects her housekeeper to be a spy, Boro's visit could be highly dangerous for her. The doorbell rings. In the doorway stands Friedrich von Riegenburg together with his adjutant Krantz. He is already informed not only of Boro's presence in Berlin, but also that Maryika is keeping a persecutee hidden in the attic of her flat. He politely lets her know that he is willing to spare them all on one condition: that Maryika accompanies him to a reception. She has no choice but to agree. The reception is a great event. All the members of the high society are gathered. Maryika is the glamourous main attraction of the evening. No one suspects that Maryika has changed roles with her friend Barbara Dorn, who is her spitting image. Maryika is already on the night train to Paris with Boro. Maryika's housekeeper discovers the change of roles and alerts Friedrich von Riegenburg. Dimitri, who is still living in the attic, hurries to Barbara's aid. They escape across the roofs of Berlin. They pursue the train in a stolen car in order to warn Maryika and Boro of Friedrich von Riegenburg. But Riegenburg is faster. He and his adjutant Krantz, catch up with the train in a plane and are able to seize the two fugitives in their compartment. Krantz indicates that he is a British spy, but when he tries to shoot Riegenburg, he finds that his gun is not loaded. Yet again Riegenburg is one step ahead. He has known for a long time that Krantz works for the British and has removed the bullets from his pistol. The game seems to be over when suddenly Dimitri and Barbara arrive. Dimitri overwhelms Riegenburg, taking him by surprise, and shoots him. They all safely reach French soil. 
Berlin Station|2016|Follows Daniel Miller (Richard Armitage), who has just arrived at the CIA foreign station in Berlin, Germany. Miller has a clandestine mission: to uncover the source of a leak who has supplied information to a now-famous whistleblower named Thomas Shaw. Guided by veteran Hector DeJean (Rhys Ifans), Daniel learns to contend with the rough-and-tumble world of the field agent: agent-running, deception, and the dangers and moral compromises. 
Berlin|2009|The epic history of a city through it's buildings, the ideas it has inspired and the Berliners themselves. Presented by BBC journalist Matt Frei. 
BerlinerMoment|2014|Documentary project about the music creation and performance in Berlin. Since 3 years, filming and releasing of videos for diverse band and musicians in the german capital. A fragmental attempt to follow the ceaseless creative energy produced by the people living in the german capital. 
Bermuda City|2013|Bermuda City native, Detective Jordan Long is drawn in by estrange events after being framed by his clone. A string of murders, including fellow cop Steven Wallace, has Long on the other side of the law as all clues lead to him. Now a fugitive, his only option is to dig for clues that will test him humanity. 
Bernard & Knives|2012|Following on from short film, "Knives" (2011) - the series follows Knives being released from a 12 month sentence prison after the sexual mutilation dished upon arch rival Sasha Molotov. We follow him as he goes to live with best friend Bernard's flat and the chaotic week that ensues as the pair attempt to get back into showbiz, duck a vengeful Sasha and try to keep their heads above financial waters. 
Bernard|2006|Bernard wins a contest to meet LeBron James, but when he accidentally wears his Stephen Curry jersey LeBron is outraged and bans Bernard from attending all NBA games. However Bernard really wants to go to the game where the Cavaliers play the Suns, so he decides to make a disguise. This all goes bad when he randomly gets his seat upgraded to court-side and LeBron recognizes him and kicks Bernard out. 
Bernard's Watch|1997|The story of a young boy who is given a special gift by "The Postman" a member of the "Time Keeping Society". Bernard, late for his best friend Karen's birthday party, finds everything goes wrong with him and he just can't keep time. However after loosing all hope, a rainbow appears and at the end is a golden watch. The watch stops time. Bernard is then able to keep time. With the help of his friend Karen, his cousin Lucy and the mysterious "Postman", he is able to fight crime, help people as well as gain a few enemies. 
Bernds Hexe|2002|It's a special episode which wasn't on air in television. This episode is exclusive material on DVD. The "Funcut" contains the best scenes of the first both seasons of "Bernds Hexe", behind the scenes and some Outtakes. The narrator is 'Bernd Stelter' (qv). 
Bernhard, Schavuit van Oranje|2010|The older Prince Bernhard tells the story of his exciting life to Princess M·xima. After all, when Prince Willem-Alexander takes the throne, she will be his Queen and take up much the same position as Bernhard did as husband to former Queen Juliana of the Netherlands. His story takes us from Palace Soestdijk to once-German Reckenwalde with the young Bernhard, to Nazi-Berlin, wartime in London, Argentina and Canada and much more. It paints a portrait of the world from the thirties to the beginning of the twenty-first century. Bernhard survived the deepest of crises: accusation of treason by Ian Fleming during the war, corruption in the fifties and seventies, extra-marital daughters and even being the main reason for a dutch governmental crisis. 
Berrenger's|1985|Short-lived prime time soap opera set in a New York department store run by the Berrenger family. Filled with several well known names, the plot premise of a department store did not attract viewers despite the show having the same creator as Dallas (David Jacobs). Full of incomprehensible plot twists, the show was soon cancelled. 
Bert D'Angelo/Superstar|1976|After a decade of busting bad guys on the mean streets of New York, tough detective Bert D'Angelo is transferred to the rolling hills of San Francisco, where his unorthodox methods bemuse his young partner Larry and frequently frustrate his boss Captain Breen. 
Bert|1994|The first appearance on screen for Bert Ljung, a normal teenager who's diary Swedes have been able to follow in well over ten books now. As in the books, he fights spots, looks for girls, runs his moped, plays with his weird friends Ake and Erik, and a lot of other stuff teenagers are supposed to do. 
Bert's Family Feud|2006|Two teams of four people representing the girls and boys of the Australian Ballet School try to match answers with results obtained from surveys of 100 people as they play to win up to $100,000 for CanTeen, a charity that supports children with cancer. 
Bertelsen - DR2s talkshow|1999|Mikael Bertelsen opens the talk-show with footage of himself and Oliver Zahle from previous TV performances (a commercial for Netto, a football match from TV3, and a talk-show in which Bertelsen and Zahle are seen in the background as audience members). Studio guest: J¯rgen Sonnergaard, the Danish translator of the Tintin graphic novels. Commercial for "Danmarks Radioson ekspeditionen". Studio guest: Casper Christensen. Footage shown of a dummy featuring Casper and Peter KÊr. In return Bertelsen shows a dummy of "Bertelsen - DRs talkshow" featuring himself interviewing Nikolaj Peyk. Commercial: "Absolut Lut". 
Bertha|1985|Spottiswood & Co is making Jack-In-The-Boxes, but the jacks keep escaping from their boxes because Bertha doesn't have enough glue to fasten them properly. When Panjid discovers there's a mouse running lose in the factory, Mr. Sprott is asked to develop a mouse trap. 
Berusaiyu no bara|1979|From the time of her birth, Oscar FranÁois de Jarjayes was raised as a man by her father, a French general. She went on to become the commander of the guard for the French Royal Family, and makes a name for herself as a beautiful and honorable figure among the noble classes of Versailles. But this is the era of the French Revolution, when the French citizens were living in utter poverty while the French royal family and nobles were surrounded by extravagant luxury. The irony and cruelty of such conditions was unbearable, and while Oscar has a duty towards the ruling class, her sense of compassion and kindness moves her to support the poor. This series examines the historical occurrence of the French Revolution, where the peasants of France led a revolution against the nobles, as seen through the eyes of Oscar. 
Beruseruku|2016|Guts, "The Black Swordsman", is pursued by demons who are attracted to him, due to a demonic brand on his neck. His goal is to free himself, and his lover Casca, of this inescapable curse. His other life's goal is gain vengeance on his former best friend Griffith, who doomed him and his former Band of Mercenaries, to obtain demonic powers of his own. Gut's giant "Dragon Slayer" sword, the Elf Puck and a growing band of misfit companion aid him in his quest for vengeance. "The Black Swordsman" Guts is forever pursued by deadly demons, who are attracted to him, due to a magical brand on his neck. His life's goal is to free himself, and his lover Casca, of this inescapable curse. His other life's goal is gain vengeance on his former best friend Griffith, who his sacrificed former Band of Mercenaries, to obtain demonic powers of his own. The giant "Dragon Slayer" sword, the mischievous Elf Puck and a growing band of misfit companions aid Guts in his violent quest for vengeance and redemption. 
Beschuldigde sta op|1965|The title, Dutch for "Accused, rise!", is a typical phrase from the opening scenes, as in each episode a trial is held before the Belgian Assize court, the highest criminal court (for one or two provinces), and the only one with a jury, usually for a murder case. The only constant is the re-occurrence of court officers in the widest sense as characters alongside the episode-specific accused, witnesses etcetera. 
Besoin d'amour|1995|Besoin d'amour est une Èmission de variÈtÈs animÈe par l'ex-membre du groupe RBO connu pour son humour fÈroce, Guy A. Lepage. Il y reÁoit deux invitÈs : une vedette populaire du monde artistique, politique ou sportif et un invitÈ moins connu ‡ dÈcouvrir. ¿ chaque Èmission, des performances musicales, thÈ‚trales ou humoristiques sont prÈsentÈes par une Èquipe de comÈdiens et de collaborateurs rÈguliers. 
Bespokoynyy uchastok|2014|What can be worse than suspense? What can be more terrible than disappearance of your own child? It happened five years ago. Little Nadia was kidnapped from the playground. Official search gave no results. Without any hesitation Tatiana Petrova left her favorite job and high-ranking position in the prosecutor's office for the sake of illusory opportunity to find and return her daughter. Now Tatiana is a district police officer. She uses her work to interview all inhabitants of the district where the girl was kidnapped, and explore every nook and cranny to find some clue. Nobody believes that Nadya is still alive, and Tatiana is supported only by parent intuition, professional flair and her best friend - inspector Vladimir Naumov. Together they will reveal a series of criminal cases and their friendship will gradually develop into a deeper feeling. Will it help Tatiana to cope with her grief? Will despairing mother be strong enough not to lose hope and turn the whole world for the sake of a daughter? 
Bessmertnaya voyna|2005|An alternative history look at the key points and figures of WWII. Each film takes the actions of a world leader (Hitler, Churchill, Roosevelt, Stalin) and "creates" an alternative reality, where the world either suffers or wins, because of the leader's actions. What would happen if Hitler was accepted in the Vienna Academy of Arts, where he desperately wanted to study? What if Roosevelt tried everything possible not to get involved in World War II? What if Churchill stayed in power after the end of WWII and succeeded in starting a new war... against his old enemy - the Soviet Union? What if Stalin started WWII without waiting for Hitler to make the first move? All these questions create a new look at the fascinating history of the biggest war in the history of mankind. 
Bessmertnik|2015|Snowdrop is a Ukrainian television series starring Irina Bilous and Marina Dyakonenko with Valentin Tomusyak, Oleksandr Zadniprovsky, Oleksandr David & Rimma Zyubin. It is an emotional family drama, which was adapted from the successful Korean Tv series Ice Adonis, and was first serialized on TRK in 2015. It aired primetime in 2015 on TRK for 100 episodes of 45 minutes.[ 
Besstydniki|2017|The Gruzdevs is a dysfunctional large family from Mamonovo of the Moscow region. The family's father Gosha is a selfish alcoholic who does not want to take part in the fate of his offspring. His eldest daughter, Katya, tries to replace mother and father to her siblings in complete poverty, to earn some money and raise younger siblings Fil, Yura, Vityok and Kristina. Resting in the club with her friend Oksana, who rents a room with her boyfriend Dron in The Gruzdev's house, Katya gets acquainted with the cute guy named Den who makes a living in a very original way. 
Best Bars in America|2014|Culture collides on the wild streets of Texas' hippest city. Whether you want to rub elbows with political big wigs at Cloak Room or party with hipsters on Rainey Street, Austin has a haunt for you. Join Jay and Sean and their trusty cabbie Moe as they go boot shopping, binge at the famous Franklin Barbecue and pound tequila shots with old friends. Don't miss the drinks mixed at your table at Midnight Cowboy, the craft cocktails on tap at Wonderland, or the railroad-inspired charm of Donn's Depot! 
Best Buds|2011|Best Buds is a buddy comedy characterizing the relationship between lifelong friends, Brian and Jake, who have always dreamed of hitting the big time with that next game changing business idea. Not one of their plans, or should we say hare-brained ideas, have panned out. Is that all about to change with an unexpected, and possibly illegal, business opportunity? In the world of cannabusiness, what could possibly go wrong? 
Best Food Ever|2010|Best Food Ever: Bodacious Bakeries takes viewers on the sweetest cross-country tour of American treats. From peanut butter French toast to moist cupcake cocktails to the "creamy seduction cookie", it's sure to leave viewers craving these sugary bites. 
Best Friend Rehab|2008|TV has been helping families sort out their problems for a while now; wives have been swapped, kids have been super-nannied and teens have been tamed. However, in the world of Bebo, Facebook and endless text messaging, friendship groups have become like alternative families for the young. Now, for the first time, friends attempt to sort out problems that parents probably aren't even aware of. In Best Friend Rehab, a group of friends, fed up with their mate's self-destructive behaviour, gave them the ultimate wake-up call - an intervention where were confronted by secretly filmed evidence of their behaviour. 
Best Friend's Date|2004|Dating can be exciting, embarrassing and nerve-wracking for everyone, but for teenagers figuring out who they are, what they like, and how to act, it's all the more challenging. The N's Best Friend's Date will allow teens to eavesdrop on blind dates and see what to do -- and what not to do -- with their own romantic travails. Based on the premise that your best friend probably knows you better than you know yourself, Best Friend's Date has teens' best buddy screen and select their perfect blind date. Just how perfect remains to be seen as cameras accompany each date to find out whether the result is magic -- or tragic. Each episode will feature a best friend selecting a date for their buddy from a pool of four candidates. After putting each prospective date through rounds of interviews, challenges and various hoops, the choice is made. But that's just the start. After best friends introduce their choices to their friend and their parents, the real test begins. The young provisional couple must cope with first date jitters (sometimes first-ever date jitters) plus other surprise curveballs the show will throw at the duo -- like bowling while handcuffed together or singing karaoke on street corners. Every date ends with the inevitable moment of truth where each dater must decide whether it's a "Yay!" or a "No way!" Are we in for a budding romance, a mutual "no thanks," or heartbreaking rejection? 
Best Friends Forever|2012|Lennon and her boyfriend, Joe are living together and things are good. But Lennon's best friend and former roommate, Jessica who after being told by her husband that he wants a divorce, goes to Lennon, not knowing about Joe, looking for a place to stay and Lennon can't turn her away. And Joe is not exactly warming up to their guest. 
Best Friends Forever?|2012|Best Friends Forever? (or BFF) was a daily TV teen drama telecast on Channel V India. It went on air on 3 December 2012, aired every Monday to Saturday at 7:30 PM, and ended its run on 25 May 2013. It was loosely based on the American TV show Pretty Little Liars. BFFs was one the popular shows of channel V. 
Best Friends Whenever|2015|When Cyd and Shelby are having trouble studying for a difficult history test, they decide to jump ahead in time and nab the test questions. Meanwhile, Barry and Naldo find themselves in a hair-raising situation when they try to figure out how to make Barry's invention replicate time travel. 
Best Friends|2004|Ever since they were born on the same day, eleven-year-olds' Gemma and Alice have been the best of friends, sharing everything from birthday wishes and secrets to laughter and tears. Despite Gemma's boisterous nature being a sharp contrast to Alice's thoughtful, quieter manner, the two girls have been inseparable until disaster strikes...Alice's family are moving four hundred miles away to Scotland leaving the girls devastated. Gemma is particularly distraught when not only do plans to sabotage the move fail but Alice quickly settles into Scottish life and seems to have found herself a new best friend. However, her friend Biscuits and her grandfather and brother rally around to help her adjust. 'Best Friends' is based on the novel by Jacqueline Wilson, one of the most popular British children's authors. 
Best Funeral Ever|2013|In life, Judy was a bowler. In passing, she will be remembered in the same fashion as her family sends her casket down the lane for one final strike. And when a husband and wife die within a year of each other, Golden Gate plans a Wedding/Funeral combo. 
Best Get Going|2015|Being an adult can be daunting. A group of friends - Song Nuan (Zhao Li Ying), Zhou Ge Ge, (Cai Wen Jing), Ruo Han (Wang Zhi Xuan) and Ning Ba La (Fu Jing) - are classmates and roommates who are venturing out into the real world through internships prior to their graduation. 
Best House on the Block|2017|Business and life partners Lauren and David Liess run a renovation design company outside of Washington D.C. Along with contractor, Luke Gladis, they re-design practical homes with a signature design aesthetic they've coined 'relaxed luxury.' 
Best Ink|2012|Oxygen Media gets under the skin of the art of tattooing in Best Ink, a new competition reality series laying bare the cutthroat and wildly unpredictable world of tattoo artistry. Every rose or dragon tattoo tells a story - not only of the person wearing it, but of the artist who created it. The contestants are guided through the competition by television host and recording artist Kimberly Caldwell. A tattoo fanatic who is inked with several meaningful images, Caldwell epitomizes the show's gutsy attitude, as shown by her fearless vocals, passionate performances, and the earthy charisma of her American Idol appearances. 
Best New Restaurant|2015|A food competition series that travels across the country and tackles the food world from a wholly different direction: the restaurants. Sixteen of the nation's best restaurants, representing all variety of cuisines, will compete against each other on their own turf to find out who truly provides the best all-around, top-to-bottom restaurant experience and deserves to be crowned as the Best New Restaurant. 
Best Ranger|2005|The Best Ranger Competition is often referred to as the world's toughest competition.  This year twenty-three driven two-man Ranger teams compete for sixty non-stop hours to determine who will earn the prestigious title of BEST RANGER.   Before a passionate crowd of family, friends and fans, these Ranger teams will face dozens of challenges testing their strength, endurance and mental acuity.  What a soldier faces in the heat of battle may be unimaginable, but they must be prepared.  The Best Ranger Competition is a challenge, and a fight that tests the courage, the power and the heart of a soldier's soul. 
Best Seller|????|Executive produced by Will Ferrell, Adam McKay and Jessica Elbaum's Gloria Sanchez Productions along with Olivia Wilde, this script written by Nora Kirkpatrick and Dennis McNicholas, is set in the world of a third rate home shopping network. After the reigning queen of the channel is electrocuted on-air during a hair drying demonstration gone wrong, her three venomous power hungry disciples enter into a cutthroat competition for her coveted time slot. 
Best Thing You'll Ever Do|2016|MAE, an up-and-coming entrepreneur in her late-30s is poised to see her idea for a startup company skyrocket. But when the gyno tells Mae that her uterus is about to close shop, Mae's maternal clock starts ticking like mad. Mae is utterly undecided about whether or not to have a baby, but her fiancee SAM wants nothing more than to have a biological family of his own. Does she seek the success she's always desired or have a baby - which many people say is "best thing you'll ever do." In the vein of 'Halt and Catch Fire', 'Best Thing You'll Ever Do' captures the precarious tightrope of work vs. family in Silicon Valley with humor and heart. 
Best Time Ever with Neil Patrick Harris|2015|Place a multi-threat performer, a variety show, a game show and a talk show into a blender, turn it on, and the resulting mixture is "Best Time Ever with 'Neil Patrick Harris' (qv)". With the help of a different celebrity announcer every week, his regular stable of sidekicks and other celebrity friends, NPH kvetches with, plays games with and pranks studio audience members, at home viewers, and even unsuspecting people going about their regular business who have no idea that they will be on the show. He challenges his several celebrity friends to races and games, often of an extreme nature. And each show ends with a production number appropriately called the end of the show show. 
Best in Bridal|2014|Bride Jensine is looking to trade her army fatigues for a super sexy gown. At Bridal Market in Chicago, Dave tries to steal Shelley's designers while Brandon, left holding the fort, struggles to hold his own against Tasha's merciless bridesmaids. 
Best in Chow|2013|'Cris Nannarone' (qv), a veteran road warrior and stand-up comedian, scours restaurants, diners, food trucks and everything in between, to find the best burger, pizza or taco. It's a quest to find the top three contenders who will ultimately go to battle. Nannarone learns their trade secrets and discovers if their dish has what it takes to win the war. 
Best in Social|2015|We want to bring you the most personalized news show you'll ever know. How personal is it? Well, it's your actual Facebook friends who make the news. We turn your Facebook newsfeed into an entertaining video and add relevance by displaying the most "liked" postings first. We currently include your friend's upcoming birthdays, most popular shared photos, and the top rated status of the day. We also provide our Status Update Ticker, which streams your friends' status updates along the bottom of the screen throughout the episode. The MycroNews channel and technology is already in place to do this, but it's the entertaining content we need your help to build. We'll add life to your Facebook news by giving you top talented hosts, mixing in pop media like movie reviews and celebrity gossip, and bringing you the top songs of the week and latest trending Vine and YouTube videos. Our goal is to allow you to stop scrolling and start watching! See for yourself, with your own friends, by going to watch.mycronews.com. 
Best in Town|2006|"Best in Town" is part documentary part comedy. A camera crew follows the host as he assembles all the elements for a ridiculous small town animal pageant. The pilot features comedian Bert Kreischer as he travels through Solvang, California in search of people who dance with their dogs. 
Best of Both Worlds|2001|Is it right to love two men at once? Is it right to marry them both? A loving mother to 8-year-old Jack and wife to Martin, Diane Sullivan works on a busy Stansted-Bologna airline route. Her time is divided between home and Italy but no-one's complaining. It seems a happy, hard working life. But then she starts an affair with one of her passengers, Mark Landucci, an Italian architect. The first lie she tells is that she's single. As the affair intensifies, Mark proposes to her. Diane has no choice but to walk away... except she can't. Why choose? Her family in London need never know of the life that she is evolving in Italy; just as Mark doesn't know about Martin and Jack. Soon this duplicity becomes a way of life for Diane: a young, intelligent woman whose lies are stacking up to haunt her. Diane's chances of being found out increase with every near-miss. When the questions come, she looks destined to lose just about everything... Stewardess and ex-nurse Diane Sullivan is happy with her husband Martin, who runs a London restaurant, and cute son Jack (8). However, when passenger Mark Landucci, once her patient, asks her to play his wife to smooth out a business deal for his Italo-Scottish father's marble firm in Bologna, she pretends to be single and seduces him. After a few months she commits bigamy. It gets ever harder to keep the secret, even in two countries and helped by her single, philandering colleague Karen. A drama waiting to happen? 
Best of British|1998|A look back at the career of the award-winning comedian Victoria Wood, from a solitary childhood in 1960s Lancashire to becoming the first stand-up to sell out the Royal Albert Hall. In this programme from 1998, normally a deeply private person, Victoria Wood talks at length about her life as a performer. Other contributions come from collaborators Julie Walters and Celia Imrie, while admirers such as Clive James, Dame Thora Hird and Caroline Aherne discuss what they love most about her style of comedy. 
Best of Five|2008|In this episode of Best of Five we countdown the greatest chokes of all time. See why some of the game's very best were unable to win when they were most expected to. Anyone can lose, but few can lose in such epic fashion as to stand the test of time. 
Best of Luck Nikki|2011|The Series about a Singh family, who try to adjust to the birth of their fourth child, "Nikki" (Ananaya). In each episode, Dolly Singh (Sheena Bajaj) creates a video diary containing advice for Nikki about their family and life as a teenager. Dolly tries to show Nikki what she might go through in the video diary so she can always know how to figure things out when she get's older. 
Best of VICE Canada|2015|Abortion has been a legal medical procedure in Canada for more than 25 years, but in spite of that, access varies widely across the country. Urban residents are far likelier to have easy access to the procedure, while rural people may face extra costs and time requirements like travel and figuring out where to go. Sarah Ratchford investigates abortion access in New Brunswick and Prince Edward Island, two provinces with restricted access to abortions and conservative political climates that make access a difficult issue even to discuss. She attends a pro-life rally crashed by pro-choice activists, goes undercover into a pregnancy crisis center, and talks to an activist helping people access under-the-counter abortions in Prince Edward Island (PEI). 
Best of X Slammed and Stomped|2006|Are you in the mood for some insane tricks and hard falls? If your answer is YES, then this X Games 15 Slammed and Stomped show is ready for viewing! The biggest names in Action Sports like Travis Pastrana, Danny Way, Ricky Carmichael, Jake Brown and so many others are featured in this show. 
Best of the West|1981|Civil War vet Sam Best picks up and moves out West to Copper Creek with his wife Elvira and son Daniel. Best, who is not handy with a gun and would rather talk than fight, then becomes the town marshal, much to the chagrin of shady town boss Parker Tillman and his dumb sidekick Frog. 
Best of the Worst|2013|Boooooo. Happy Halloween. For this Best of the Worst Halloween Spooktacular, the gang watches three totally scary movies that cause Jay to pass out, Rich to piss himself and Mike to fall asleep: Kiss Meets the Phantom of the Park, David A. Prior's Killer Workout, and Mystics in Bali, which is so scary that the gang can't remember the title. 
Best! Movies! Ever!|2006|"Best! Movies! Ever!" is a new weekly series about the movies you love and the moments you can't forget! "Best! Movies! Ever!" captures the magical movie moments that stay with you forever. Whether you agree or disagree! Find out what makes a film scene or moment the greatest and compare your list. 
Best.Ever.|2015|Breakfast dishes in Boston, Philadelphia and the Twin Cities are featured. Also: a star quality egg and cheese served in Los Angeles; a Vietnamese twist on bacon and eggs in Austin; a classic New York bagel with beets; and a buffet on a plate in Atlanta. 
Bestseller|1999|Weekly book and literature review programme, hosted by 'Isabella Miehe-Renard' (qv), featuring interviews with Danish and international authors, and the latest news from the world of litterature. Selected episodes, entitled "Bestseller Samtalen", are devoted to a single author and contains a full half-hour interview. 
Bet on Your Baby|2013|John John, age 3 has to follow his dad Dean to an obstacle course's finish like in just 60 seconds for his mom Joni to win her eager. Rambunctious Presley needs to pour a full pitcher of liquid up to the lines on various glasses with her dad Trevor. 
Bet the House|2007|This is a game show in which the contestants wager the objects in their house (if they lose) against shiny new prizes (if they win). They have to answer trivia questions and complete household challenges and if they don't answer the question correctly or fail the challenges, they lose the household objects that they bet on. 
Betas|2013|Having turned his back on the Murch, Trey arrives in L.A. to run the Silicon Beach investor circuit with Victoria. Back in San Francisco, Mitchell accompanies Nash to Michael Lau's birthday bash, and Hobbes gets closer with Trevor's mom, Joanne. 
Beth and Charly|2015|Charly is a former teen Disney TV star who is trying to make a serious comeback with a hip, new Indie film. Beth is her frumpy, loyal assistant/ friend. Together they navigate the drama of daytime TV interviews, selfie obsessed fans, flirtatious co-stars, and the makings of kombucha amidst Charly's insecure breakdowns and Beth's constant urge to quit. This time for good. No, seriously, for real this time. Charly is a former teen Disney TV star who is trying to make a serious comeback. Beth is her unfulfilled friend-ssistant. Together they navigate the drama of daytime TV interviews, selfie obsessed fans, and flirtatious co-stars amidst Charly's insecure breakdowns and Beth's constant urge to quit. This time for good. No, seriously, for real this time 
Beth, From Chicago: Web Series|2013|A comic tour de force starring Beth Melewski (Second City, Cash Cab Chicago) Melewski plays five funny and unique Chicago women, all named Beth: Beth, an old woman who rents out her single parking space for Cubs games. Beth, a member of Chicago's only female Kris Kross tribute band. Beth, a suburban mom who likes to get crazy in the city. Beth, an uptight residential real estate broker, who will do anything for a sale. and finally, a heightened version of herself - former host of Cash Cab Chicago, now trying to cash in on that fame with a Kash Pedi-Kab business. The characters and locations were determined before shooting, but all of the dialogue was improvised by the actors on set. 
Bethenny Getting Married?|2010|Jason and Bethenny are back in NYC and very much back to the business at hand - getting their apartment renovated and making sure they have a place to sleep. With the stress building, Bethenny indulges in a little NYC R&R - a night out with Jake and a yoga class with Nick that has her worried more than ever about his health. 
Betiyaan Apni ya Paraya Dhan|2007|Neelkanth Chanda Rana, an autocrat zamindar rebukes his 6 daughters and considers them a burden. They have come into his life only for the want of a son. He has lost his zamindari and believes that it is only his youngest child, a son who will make him proud. It depicts the preference of a boy child over girl child which still prevails in many regions. Girls are treated as liabilities and brought up only to get them married. Krishna, the eldest daughter and the protagonist is a simple, honest and principled girl. She is the balancing factor among-st her sisters who believes that one day her father's realization will change him and he will understand that his daughters are not "Paraya Dhan" but are the real wealth and a blessing to the family. 
Betjeman's West Country|2006|In this seven-part series, well-known television actor John Nettles celebrates the centenary of Sir John Betjeman, one of England's most loved poems. He travels trough the West Country and visits the places that Betjeman once used to visit. Along the way he interviews Betjeman's family and friends, and reads John's greatest poems. 
Betoben baireoseu|2008|Kang Gun Woo is a world renowned orchestra maestro who is a perfectionist in his work. He is not an easy person to work with and is feared by all his players. By chance, he comes across Du Ru Mi, a violinist, and a young cop who has the same name as his and discovers that even without formal training, the young Kang is a music genius. The three soon get tangled in a love triangle. 
Betonski spavaci|2016|It has been said that architecture is at its most beautiful when in ruins. The remnants of history enchant with the brutality of bare spaces, the melancholy of decline. And yet, architecture that has lost its tenants has lost its original purpose, the reason for its existence. The series Slumbering Concrete tells the story of modern architecture in Croatia and the former Yugoslav region - an area singular among the vast number of abandoned and dilapidated 20th-century buildings of outstanding architectural value. Throughout four episodes (Socialism Meets Capitalism, Brief Encounters Along the Adriatic Highway, Mysterious Object in the Pine Forest, Megastructures) the series explores Croatian tourist architecture of the period, places where citizens of the West and the East could meet and put aside their differences in moments of leisure during the period of the Cold War and the rivalry between the Western and the Eastern Bloc. Each episode tells a dramatic story of the contradictions within socialist Yugoslav society positioned between the East and the West, democracy and totalitarianism, steeped in the utopian notion that architecture can make the world a better place. A documentary series about modernist architecture, its utopian ambitions and controversial fate. The first season deals with Croatian tourist architecture - places where citizens from the East and the West could meet during the Cold War and, together with the locals, put aside their differences in moments of leisure. Surrounded by breathtaking natural sites, many of these fascinating structures now stand abandoned and deteriorating, left to oblivion. The proud ruins bear witness to our recent history, when it was thought that architecture could make the world a better place. At the same time, they are a disturbing testament to the badly managed privatisation processes, as well as the inability of the governing elites to solve the most pressing social issues. Has it become a lost civilization or are we capable of reviving this 50-year-old heritage? 
Betrayed|2016|Janet Walsh is a young divorcÈe enjoying the single life, celebrating her freedom with a wild girls' night out at the local disco... and when she's found dead the next morning, it takes a determined officer 35 years to bring her murder to justice. 
Betsy's Kindergarten Adventures|2006|Mrs. O'Connor asks the quintessential question that fuels the imagination of all her kindergartners: "What do you want to be when you grow up?" Although the children all have some pretty remarkable dreams and ideas, Betsy is really torn. She would like to be a teacher just like Mrs. O'Connor, but she would also like to be a mom just like her mother, or maybe even an airline pilot just like her Dad. How can she choose just one? The answer is surprisingly supplied by her Super Best Friend Sandy Doll! Through play and imagination, Betsy and all the other kids realize that they don't have to decide on only one thing just yet. 
Bette|2000|Bette agrees to let Oscar produce the song he's written for her, but Bette can't seem to stay focused in the recording studio. Meanwhile Roy unknowingly eats some "special" brownies and Connie bonds with n'Sync, who are recording an album down the hall. 
Better Body & Soul|2010|In a society where youth is revered, it's no surprise that we are all running around looking for the antidote to aging. Before resorting to go under the knife, our viewers are encouraged to try out a couple natural methods in turning back the clock. Cristiano Magni and his team make over a middle-aged woman, nutritionist Sophie T advises on how to use "superfoods," and world-renowned psychologist and author Dr. Yuanxia Zhang discusses the psychological effects of aging. 
Better Call Saul|2015|Before Saul Goodman, he was Jimmy McGill. And if you're calling Jimmy, you're in real trouble. The prequel to "Breaking Bad" follows small-time attorney Jimmy McGill as he transforms into Walter White's morally challenged lawyer, Saul Goodman. Introducing Jimmy McGill. You may know him better as Saul Goodman, Walter White's slippery, resourceful lawyer in Breaking Bad. When first we meet him it is a few years before he meets Walter White. He is a struggling lawyer in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He mostly defends small-time crooks and represents people in civil liability claims. His brother, Charles "Chuck" McGill, is a senior partner at a prestigious Albuquerque law firm but hasn't left his house for several months due to a strange affliction. Jimmy is supporting him through bringing him groceries and the like. Jimmy has a dark, pre-lawyer past, being a small-time fraudster in Chicago before moving to Albuquerque to start over and work with at his brother's firm. We also meet Mike Ehrmantraut, ex-cop now working as a toll booth attendant at the courthouse parking lot. We see how Jimmy and Mike's stories converge and how Jimmy slowly becomes the Saul Goodman we know from Breaking Bad. 
Better Days|1986|Brian McGuire is a California teenager who lives and loves life in Los Angeles, until something happens to his family and he must move to his uncle's place in Brooklyn. He has a hard time fitting in with the crowd but makes two friends he can count on, wisecracking Luther and the very hip Snake. 
Better Half|2007|Top New York chefs Paolo and Kyle are about to reach their boiling point when they let their ladies Ellen and Sarah into their kitchens and prep them for the ultimate culinary competition. Guest Judges: Gael Greene, Donatella Arpaia & Harold Dieterle. 
Better Homes and Onions|2017|Better Homes and Onions is a comedy web series that parodies trending lifestyle programs, providing extraordinary and 'out of this world' home living strategies, all of which involve one magic ingredient: Onions. The three stars and home living gurus are Willy; the ego inflated personal trainer; Ollie, the disabled award winning chef; and Sheila, the ill fated and hopelessly bitter host. The series reveals the dichotomy between what the viewer sees and the outrageous and unseemly truth of reality TV stars. 
Better Late Than Never|2016|This hilarious fish-out-of-water comedy/reality show follows cultural icons Henry Winkler, William Shatner, Terry Bradshaw and George Foreman on their greatest adventure yet. Deciding it's Better Late Than Never, these four national treasures embark on the journey of a lifetime, traveling across Asia on their own with no schedule and no itinerary. The only "help" will come from Jeff Dye, a young, strong, tech-savvy comedian with an agenda of his own - who isn't above leading the men off track. Each stop is packed with hilarious cultural experiences, heartwarming spectacles and unexpected twists as our legends take on this unforgettable adventure. 
Better Life Foundation|2016|Neil is invited to a news panel discussion and Anirban watches a 10 in one movie dvd. Is the Indian education system flawed? Where did the Pyjama go? Did Leo really deserve an Oscar for The Revenant? Find out in Season Finale of Better Life Foundation. 
Better Living Television|2009|Ttopics include Bone Metastases, Holiday Cooking, Responsible Hosting for Holiday Parties, Easy Italian Home-Cooked Meals, Telecommunication Trends, Asian Cooking Made Simple and Magnetic Bracelets. 
Better Man|2013|Exactly how much risk would you take to save your brother? For Van Nguyen the answer was whatever it takes and the devastating consequence of his attempt to traffic heroin from Cambodia to Australia via a change of planes in Singapore was that the 396 grams of drugs that he was discovered carrying was enough to incur the death penalty - 26 times over. 
Better Off Dead|2017|When troubled actor William wakes up in a mortuary, he enlists a quirky mortician to help leverage his funeral for publicity. A mysterious arrival throws their plans into jeopardy, and they are plunged into a whirlpool of intrigue, infidelity and insurance policies. 
Better Off Ted|2009|Lem flips out when his mother, a brilliant scientist who has always intimidated him, comes to visit and begins an affair with Dr. Bhamba. Meanwhile, Ted gets miffed when Linda suddenly gets all the credit after she makes a suggestion to improve on his prize project, a light bulb that burns forever 
Better Than Four|2012|Better Than Four is the premier all-action cycling show, featuring everything from mountain biking to competitive stage road racing, as well as street and freestyle BMX. BT4 even offers coverage of the Haute Route tours, "the highest and toughest Cyclo-Sportives in the world", and the European grand tours, represented by the Giro D'Italia; granting a level of access unprecedented in the world of cycle-sport TV. Alongside event features and professional commentary, BT4 also offers exclusive rider profiles. With camera work so exhilarating it'll bring you to the edge of your seat, BT4 is the only show capable of recreating the thrill of two wheels in the comfort of your living room. A must for any cycling enthusiast, from free-riding pros to novices just losing their training wheels! 
Better Things|2016|Sam gets brutally honest with the man she's been dating for three weeks. Sam feels he's become excessively needy, so she dumps him in a parking lot full of onlookers. After, Sam has plans to go to Santa Barbara with a group of friends to meet Sunny's new, rich boyfriend, but upon arriving, Sunny's boyfriend tries his hand at matchmaking and tries to hook Sam up with one of his friends. Sam's reaction is to turn, run, and never come back. She gets a crappy hotel room by the beach and a bottle of wine, and later she returns home to her family. 
Better Watch Out|2017|After four best friends Elise, Danny, Revy and Brielle have a fun and wild night of drinking something is about to go down. They do one thing that will haunt them for the rest of their lives. One top of that Elise goes missing and isn't found for a whole year until they find out she's been murdered. Danny, Brielle and Revy think they're safe with all their deepest darkest secrets hidden with there friend underground but its not and someone knows what they did and that person is M. M is going to threaten to tell all their secrets if they don't listen or do as he/she says. M is going to make there lives a living hell. 
Better with You|2010|Casey finds out that his ex-girlfriend wants to pick up the couch that she lent him before their breakup - the same couch that Mia and Casey are currently using. Since the Putney girls are known to be the jealous type, Ben assures Casey that he'll come up with the perfect plan to help him get rid of it without Mia knowing the real reason. Meanwhile, Maddie updates Vicky and Joel's wills, but finds they won't take her professional efforts seriously. 
Betterman|1999|A deadly virus known as has attacked humanity with vicious meaning. At the forefront of the battle is the mystifying Akamatsu Industries - disguised as a heavy machine factory in Tokyo, this undercover organization uses neural enhanced weapons known as NeuroNoids to battle Algernon. Also helping with their secret efforts is the mysterious mutant who is only known as "Betterman". 
Betty & DD|2010|Betty and DD is a series about two acting teachers in the small town of Hobart, New Mexico. The series follows Betty and DD as they attempt to educate their small roster of students in the ways of showbiz. It's been called 'Waiting For Guffman' meets 'The Office'. 
Betty Boop|1930|Betty Boop is one of the most popular cartoon characters of all time. She first appeared in 1930 in "Dizzy Dishes," an installment of creator Max Fleischer's "Talkartoon" series, but soon spun off into her own cartoon series, comic strips and films. Today, she is considered to be the first animated sex symbol and is recognized throughout the world. 
Betty Bowers: America's Best Christian|2008|"The only thing Americans ignore more than Jesus is their waistlines!" America's Best Christian, Mrs. Betty Bowers, announces American Christians' fondest ways to thumb their noses at Jesus and any of the pesky things He may have told them. 
Betty White's Off Their Rockers|2012|This week, a lost skydiver asks for directions, an older woman orders a younger man online and a prankster repeatedly hugs a stranger he insists is a long lost friend. Plus, two nuns delight in tricking men passing by, and a blind man gets out of a convertible and asks for directions. 
Bettys Diagnose|2015|Eine Neue kommt auf die Station und alle sind verbl¸fft. Denn nicht nur, dass die Neue sich auf Betty Dewalds Platz breitmacht, sie heiﬂt auch noch genauso: Betty. Und das schockiert besonders Dr. Behring, der sich gerade von der groﬂen Trauerphase um die verpasste Chance mit Betty Dewald erholt hat. Die neue Betty scheint genauso widerspenstig wie ihre Vorg‰ngerin zu sein. Sie legt sich sogar mit den ƒrzten an. Bei Lizzy und Talula hat Betty 2.0, wie sie sie nennen, erstmal gar keine Chance. Doch als sie bei einer Patientin, die mit Verdacht auf Gallensteine eingeliefert wurde, eine lebensbedrohliche Situation erkennt, gegen ‰rztliche Anweisung handelt und ihr damit das Leben rettet, bekommt sie einige Punkte auf der Anerkennungsskala der Schwestern. Dr. Lewandowski ist w‰hrenddessen haupts‰chlich mit der Sorge um Talulas Schwangerschaft besch‰ftigt, wovon besonders Mira langsam ziemlich genervt ist. Und was ist eigentlich mit Dr. Behring los? Er hat sich sehr ver‰ndert seit dem Weggang von Betty Dewald. Ist er wirklich so cool, wie er tut? Lizzy ist da eher skeptisch und h‰lt seine Macho-Getue nur f¸r Fassade. 
Between Boyfriends|2017|BETWEEN BOYFRIENDS is TV's newest - and gayest - romantic comedy based on the best-selling novel by Michael Salvatore that follows the exploits of Steven Bartholomew Ferrante, a successful, kinda neurotic soap opera producer living in New York City. At 33, Steven is in the prime of his life, but he's also unhappily single because he knows his biological gay clock is not going to keep on ticking forever. So with the help of his inner circle of best boyfriends, his crazy Sicilian mother, and an assortment of flamboyantly lovable characters you'll wish were part of your own life, Steven embarks on a quest to find the perfect - and permanent - boyfriend. 
Between Brothers|1997|Charles and James Gordon are young, good looking brothers with conflicting differences. Charles is a workaholic doctor, and James is a fun playboy. They have two friends from college, a local TV weatherman named Dusty, and a bitter divorcee named Mitchell in debt to two ex-wives. 
Between Bullets|2013|Former Mixed Martial Arts champion turned cop, Johnny Parker, is invited by his younger brother Rory to attend an exclusive, but dangerous underground MMA fight organized by Vincent DeChant. Rory is confronted by Vincent about his failure with the police raid at the drug plant. Karina is unhappy with Carlito's operations in Vincent's crime ring. 
Between Two Firs|2013|Between Two Firs is a parody of Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis. Laden with double entendres and sexual innuendos, the Host, Jack Phallic Anassis conducts a series of comedic interviews of some hot to trot holiday characters who get a little hot under the collar when they discover the topic of conversation is always sex sex sex. 
Between Two Worlds|2010|To a newcomer the Cree community of Whapmagoostui (Great Whale) and the Inuit community of Kuujjuaraapik might appear to be one village. But in addition to distinct languages and cultures, each has its own administration, police force, and schools. The Crees & Inuits have been through a great deal together, but recently there have been eruptions of violence, particularly amongst the youth. "Between Two Worlds" tells the story of a mixed couple who raise their children in this special place. 
Between Women|2011|There is more to Natalie Hintmore than being the faithful wife of Miller Harris. Power Inc is her company and altering destiny is her business. With a very dark secret trailing closely behind her, Natalie resurfaces with one goal in mind, to evade her karma. Opening the doors of Power Inc with friends and a few unlikely players, the team comes together to help orchestrate their first cases of restructuring destiny. Micah, a faithful boyfriend who's losing his relationship due to his struggles with intimacy and Mrs. Kinsley, a grieving grandmother at her final attempt to help save her dying granddaughter's life. 
Between the Fighter in Syria|2016|Aljazeera reporter Salam Hindawi in collaboration with the winning filmmaker Firas Fayyad with Aljazeera team filmed in Syria and they have approached as close as possible to the Syrian opposition fighters in northern Syria and show us Their internal wars. 
Between the Lines|1992|This show is set in the Complaints Investigation Bureau (C.I.B.), the department responsible for investigating other police officers, of London's Metropolitan Police [the British counterpart to the Internal Affairs Bureau (I.A.B.) of a U.S. city's police force]. The first two seasons had stories based around various different aspects of the darker side of the police, ranging from such topics as petty corruption, racism, and sexual harassment through to grand conspiracy, with some plot threads running through the season over several episodes. The series also dealt with the personal lives of it's less-than-clean-cut characters, particularly the womanizing lead character Tony Clark, and is also notable for its inclusion of a lesbian character in a major role. In the third and final season, the focus changed significantly, moving away from the police force to other areas of security and espionage. 
Between the Lions|1999|Lions Theo and Cleo and their cubs Lionel and Leona have many adventures at their library. Usually surrounding the many books within. Whether a daring story about Cliff Hanger, a vocabulary lesson from Chicken Jane, a song from the Monkey Pop-Up Theater and the Vowelles, as well as the lion family in a few zany skits of their own, such as Theo and Cleo as French chefs or Theo and Cleo as pop singers. There's no telling what can happen when you read...Between the Lions! 
Between the Sheets|2003|A funny, carnal story of sex, infidelity and love. Middle-aged Hazel suffers from a cold and passionless marriage, but her whole life is thrown into disarray after a revelatory sexual encounter with another much younger man; he gives her her very first orgasm. 
Between the Veils|????|On Christmas Eve, of 1959, Beth Armstrong and her husband Ben were enjoying a romantic evening by the Christmas tree, days before their child was to be born. That fateful night an evil dark shadowy presence possessed her husband and stole their unborn child from her womb. After this unfortunate and unbelievable evening, Beth finds herself committed, by her husband Ben and the Courts, to a Catholic ran Psychiatric Hospital called St. Vincent's. Immediately Beth's arrival sparks a terrifying catalyst of evil. 
Between the Wars|2004|This classic documentary series, Between the Wars: The Road to Pearl Harbor, 1919-1941, follows the events that inevitably sparked World War II, capturing the drama, the excitement and the juxtapositions of these crucial years between the end of World War I and Pearl Harbor. Former CBS News correspondent and commentator, Eric Sevareid, one of the world's most respected figures in journalism, presents this extraordinary series which features stunning original newsreels, soundtracks, and rare archival footage. 
Between|2015|Between is the story of a town under siege from a mysterious disease that has wiped out everybody 22 years and older. The series explores the power vacuum that results when a government has quarantined a 10-mile diameter area and left the inhabitants to fend for themselves. 
Beulah Land|1980|This sweeping epic dramatized the lives of two Georgia families during the early-to-mid 1800s: the Kendricks, who resided on the Beulah Land plantation, and the Davises, who owned the Oaks plantation. Both families loved, prospered and lost during this period, and were both touched by the events of the Civil War. 
Beulah|1950|In an effort to save money, Harry fires his gardener and divides his tasks amongst the rest of his household - he'll mow the grass, his wife will water the lawn and his son will weed the garden. Of course, the Hendersons all have previous engagements and Beulah winds up having to do all their outdoor chores. The health of Harry's prize rosebush is her biggest concern - it's doing poorly so she and Bill dig up the plant and take it to the local garden shop for analysis and the plant is accidentally sold to another customer. Now Buelah must find a suitable replacement before Harry notices his favorite rosebush is missing. 
Beulein|2011|Lee Kang Hoon (Shin Ha Kyun) is a talented neurosurgeon who graduated from a top medical school and works at the top hospital in Korea, Chunha University Hospital. He has ambitions to become the director at Chunha and would go to great lengths to achieve this. He is obsessed with success, which is probably both his greatest flaw and strength, since it makes him steely and fierce. He finds a hated enemy, a rival and a teacher in Professor Kim Sang Chul (Jung Jin Young), a world famous neurologist whose friendly demeanor and kindness with his patients acts as a stark contrast to Lee Kang Hoon's cold and unforgiving attitude. Yoon Ji Hye (Choi Jung Won) is a third-year resident in the neurosurgery department who is well-liked for her warm bedside manner. She is initially a thorn in Kang Hoon's side with her criticisms of his behavior, but later becomes his staunchest supporter. Seo Joon Suk (Jo Dong Hyuk) is Kang Hoon's classmate and rival in both love and career. 
Beulreodeu|2015|Park Ji Sang (Ahn Jae-Hyun) is a doctor that specialises in hepato-pancreato-biliary surgery with who is infected with a disease called VBT-01. After volunteer work in Russia, he goes to Korea with his friend Joo Hyun Woo (Jung Hae-In) to work in Taemin Cancer Hospital. There he meets a highly capable but snooty doctor named Yoo Ri Ta. When patients start showing strange symptoms to a weird virus, it is up to them and their friends to find out the source. 
Bevergem|2015|Famous stand-up comedian Freddy De Vadder flees to a picturesque village called Bevergem. Why? Nobody knows. He doesn't talk about it. The contrast between him and the grotesque residents could not be bigger. In anticipation of the yearly town festival the temper gets heated. But Freddy doesn't care. He just hopes his hideout is secure. 
Beverly Hills Bordello|1996|Nestled in quiet seclusion in the hills above Los Angeles is the house of Madame Veronica Winston ('Nicole Gian' (qv)). Having a reputation second to none, Madame Winston ensures that no matter what the fantasy she will try to make sure that it comes true and every client will enjoy the experience as much as possible!! 
Beverly Hills Buntz|1987|Norman Buntz, the gruff (and somewhat ethically questionable) detective from "Hill Street Blues" (1981) leaves the anonymous inner city and heads to the sunny climes of Southern California where he opens up a detective agency. 
Beverly Hills Pawn|2013|BEVERLY HILLS PAWN travels to the luxury capital of the world to focus on the venerable Dina Collection VIP Room. The series leaves behind all connotations of your typical "pawn shop" as it delves into the high-end world of fine jewelry and Hollywood memorabilia. While your typical stroll down Hollywood Blvd might net you a few souvenirs to take home, Yossi Dina prefers to provide his customers with authentically exclusive items pawned from result of star divorces and failed businesses. Dina and his staff twist "pawn" from bargain to alluring, drawing in ever fascinating items and the fans that are after them. 
Beverly Hills Royal|2015|Peter Breuer is known as the leading dancer for decades in the international Ballet scene. He won the 2015 German dance award and is the current director of the Salzburg Ballet. In an exclusive interview he shares with Beverly Hills Royal the secret how to become a Ballet Superstar and break through in entertainment. Then BH Royal features the opening of the Happiness Messe Fair with Prince Mario-Max Schaumburg-Lippe. The big German, Austrian and Swiss spiritual fair group and showcases some product novelties. 
Beverly Hills Salon|2009|New straight stylist Jon, gets thrown into the chaos of Beverly Hills Salon and quickly finds himself in a love triangle. When Piper and Manny plan a party, Integra accidentally ends up in a K-Hole and no one is safe with the serial killer "The Gardner" on a rampage! 
Beverly Hills, 90210|1990|Originally based around the lives of a group of high school students living in the wealthy Beverly Hills neighborhood, then later moving on to their college days as they got older. The kids become friends and enemies, fall in and out of love, and go through an endless series of crises as this small group somehow becomes personally involved in every newsworthy social issue from alcoholism to South African apartheid to pregnancy to AIDS. 
Beverly Pills|2014|Daisy goes behind Scarlett's back and attempts rescuing Nadia from an armed drug dealer in order to prove that she too can save the day. But when pills hit the fan, Daisy realizes that adrenaline is the one drug she shouldn't be prescribed. 
Beverlywood|2009|Hollywood artists and Beverly Hills yuppies create two rival mob families. But the definitions of life and death aren't what you'd expect... or maybe just what you'd expect from LA's two success-hungry hordes. Sexy and troubled, heiress Jerricha Palmer is serving a house arrest. She's one drug violation away from losing her entire fortune. To keep her occupied and drug-free, her bodyguards need an unusual plan. What ensues is a silent conflict that will bring the whole neighborhood to boil. Offering Jerricha's house as a 'safe zone' in a neighborhood-wide assassination game, the yuppies and artists are encouraged to visit... all while stalking and hunting each other everywhere else. The assassinations are fake, but in 'Beverlywood' even water guns can kill. The winner of the mob war will get everything they wish: A star-making contract for a Hollywood artist, or an upper management seat for a Beverly Hills yuppie. But losing means a return to thankless toil, a fate worse than death for the driven elite. 
Bewafaa Sii Wafaa|2017|Sumer and Meghna are deeply in love. They are also married, but as fate would have it, to different people. Theirs is a passionate tale of love, lined with a wicked twist of crime. Join Sumer and Meghna as they fight against and for their love, to find an ending that their love story deserves. 
Beware the Batman|2013|There's a new hero in Old Gotham. A Golem creature has been fighting back against armored criminals attacking local businesses. Tracking the creature down to an abandoned synagogue, Batman and Katana discover that the "Golem" is actually Rex Mason (aka Metamorpho), who's been retraining his body in order to help the citizens of Old Gotham. Realizing he's found a new ally, Batman joins Metamorpho's fight, but it isn't easy. The criminals are using high-tech weaponry... from Stagg Industries! 
Bewildering Life|2009|Once upon a time in the mystical land of Tir na n”g. Lived together three wasters living a wasted life, Sam (half elephant) , Diarmuid (Half Leprechaun) and Oisin (Half idiot). Everything is about to change as the most important hat in the world falls into their lap. And the biggest ego in the world will stop at nothing to get it back. 
Bewitched|1964|Darrin and Samantha Stephens are a young, bi-species married couple: he's a mortal human being, she's a witch, something which she does not divulge to him until after their wedding. Darrin just wants them to live a simple, mortal life, to which Samantha agrees, meaning no witchcraft and no telling any of their mortal friends and relatives of her being a witch. However, that no witchcraft vow is difficult to maintain if only because of Samantha wanting or needing to use it to get out of one scrape or another, and her relatives, especially her mother Endora, the most constant thorn in Darrin's side, against the marriage and the idea of denying Samantha's heritage as a witch. Mortals in their lives also add to their complicated lives: Darrin's friend and spendthrift boss, Larry Tate of McMann and Tate Advertising, who always wants Darrin to do all the work while the company gets all the glory and money; their nosy neighbors, the Kravitzes, Glady Kravitz who always arrives at the most inopportune time to show her exasperated husband Abner Kravitz that something funny is going on in the Stephens house; and Darrin's parents, his mother, Phyllis Stephens, who is prone to splitting headaches which become more prevalent as she thinks she sees things in Samantha that just couldn't be in her mortal view. That complicated life gets even more complicated when they start a family, the children who could be mortal or who could be witches and warlocks. The young executive of an advertisement agency, Darrin Stephens marries a beautiful woman, Samantha Stephens. On their honeymoon, Sam discloses a secret to him: she is a witch with magic powers. He makes her promise him that she will live like a mortal, without using witchcraft and spells in their lives, but sometimes she uses her magic to help Darrin and herself. Sam's mother, Endora does not accept her mortal son-in-law, hates him and can hardly say his name correctly. In the suburb of Westport, Connecticut in the street of Morning Glory Circle, where they live, their curious next-door neighbor Gladys Kravitz suspect Samantha, but can never prove the weird situations she sees to her husband Abner Kravitz. Darrin works in the McMahon and Tate ad agency with Larry Tate, who is married to Louise Tate. Samantha frequently receives her witch aunts in her house, specially her sweet old Aunt Clara. After a man (Darrin Stephens) marries a very pretty woman, he finds out on his honeymoon that she is a witch who twitches her nose & uses hand gestures to do witchcraft. Samantha (the witch) promises her husband to try not to use any magic as long as they are married. Her mom, Endora, disapproves of the marriage & is always trying to break them up. Samantha eventually gives birth to Tabitha who turns out to be half witch, & Adam, who turns out to be mortal. Throughout the series, Samantha's relatives keep invading their household & using magic to drive Darrin crazy. Samantha, a powerful member of the society of witches that has lived apart from (and disdained) humanity for many centuries, falls in love with a mortal, Darrin Stephens. Much to the disgust of most of her family, she vows to give up witchcraft and become an ordinary suburban housewife, raising a family (bearing Tabitha and Adam). Never able to give up her heritage completely, the friction between the matriarchal, moneyless society of her birth and the patriarchal, capitalist society of modern advertising drives the comedy over eight seasons and 256 episodes, from 1964 to 1971. 
Beyblade Burst|2016|Elementary-school student Valt Aoi is crazy about Beyblade and is best friends with Shu Kurenai, who is a prodigy at the game and has been named to the national Beyblade tournament's final four. Inspired by his friend's accomplishment, Valt makes it his goal to reach the tournament himself. The first step on the road to the big leagues is to win his district tournament, which includes some tough opponents. As he makes his way up the ladder, Valt reaches new heights and extends his circle of friends, eventually -- unknowingly -- dreaming of becoming the best Blader in the world. 
Beyhadh|2016|Maya is the owner of fashion and the city and is eccentric due to her father, past memories and unstable family. Arjun is a photographer who works in Maya's company. His best friend, Saanjh is a lawyer. She secretly loves Arjun. Arjun doesn't go well with her mother due to the past.Arjun has a brother Ayan. Ayan, Arjun and Saanjh are very close to each other. Saanjh handles a case regarding Maya's company. Maya and Arjun's relationship commences after Maya's birthday scare. 
Beyond 2000|1985|A documentary about technological innovations that were supposed to improve our lives and be widely available to the mass market soon after the year 2000. Most inventions and ideas were outstanding. However, now that 2000 has passed even the concepts in the earliest shows appear just as futuristic and seem just as unlikely to be in consumer use in the near future as they did during the 1980s. Beyond 2000 was in it's time a popular Australian science & technological innovation show/series with a host of reporters which ran for 1 hour on Channel 7 back in the 80's/90's. Beyond 2000 was originally called Towards 2000 on the ABC then changed to Beyond 2000 when Channel 7 bought the rights to the show. Channel 10 then took over the reins in the 90's but the ratings dropped not long after so it was canceled. Then in 2004/2005 Beyond 2000 made a bold return as Beyond Tomorrow once again on Channel 7. 
Beyond Babel|2001|Beyond Babel is a four part television series exploring English as a global language. The series looks at the use of English in international trade, culture, politics and on the internet. It also shows the how the spread of English has affected endangered minority languages and explores its relationship with other widely spoken international languages, such as Spanish and Mandarin. 
Beyond Beijing|2008|International documentary mini-series (4 X 58") and home video (1 X 120") looking at the six Chinese cities, in addition to Beijing, that selected to host events for the 2008 Olympic Games. An unexpected look at urban life in a country where Adam Smith has seemingly replaced Karl Marx, and nothing will ever be the same. 
Beyond Belief with George Noory|2010|Hidden details within the many photos NASA releases to the public may be all the proof we need of extraterrestrial civilizations in our solar system. Billy Carson heads a team of anomaly hunters who tirelessly pore over every feature in these photos in the pursuit to uncover out of place artifacts strewn about the solar system. What they have found on Venus, Mars and from the ISS not only suggests the active presence of extraterrestrials, but the expansion of a human-based secret space program and breakaway civilizations. As we continue to push the limits of disclosure, a number of credible sources are now willing to come forward to confirm what has been discovered in the data released by NASA. 
Beyond Belief: Fact or Fiction|1997|Within the course of one hour 5 stories are shown. None of these stories have any logical explanation, and some of them actually occurred. You are left to decide which of these stories, if any are fact, and which are fiction. 
Beyond Bizarre|1997|Rock Lake Pyramids: This segment looks at what lies beneath the surface of Rock Lake. It is believed that old civilizations had built structures in this area of Lake Mills, WI. Archie Eschborn and his group have been mapping and studying these underwater structures hoping this will be the next big archeological find. We will join them on one of their expeditions. We also visit a nearby pre-Columbian, man-made structure in Aztalan. 
Beyond Black Beauty|????|When small-town Canadian, Joanna Greene, wins an unexpected scholarship to a prestigious Equestrian Academy, she soon realizes she is the ultimate fish-out-of-water. The bond that Jo will form, with her horse Jet, will be far more meaningful, unearthing deep and shocking secrets long-buried by the ghosts of their respective pasts, secrets that will allow both horse and girl to understand their truly miraculous shared destiny. 
Beyond Geek|2014|BEYOND GEEK is a television series about people who take geek to the next level. From a group trying to get to space in a balloon, to people who dress up as superheroes to fight crime, in each episode you'll experience a fascinating new world full of people pushing the limits of science, technology, and everything geek. 
Beyond Invention|2004|Beyond Invention is a unique series, which looks at the weird world of invention and people using science in strange ways. Shot in the UK, Australia, Canada and the US, the 8 hour series (24 segments) runs the gamut from New energy (anti-gravity)featuring far out inventors, Mystery Creature hunters (sea serpents, Bigfoot,etc.)cloning, crazy flying machines, odd gadgets, sex machines, animal inspired innovations. We explore a world normally only seen in Hollywood science fiction movies: true "sci-fi" science that's here and now at some of the world's top medical, digital and military laboratories. 
Beyond Ipanema|2013|Based on the Award Winning Documentary Beyond Ipanema, the 13 episode series expands on the theme of Brazilian Music outside of Brazil. Featuring interviews with David Byrne, Devendra Banhart and all the hottest new artists in Brazil: Criolo, Caetano Veloso, CÈu, Luisa Maita and many others. Each episode is dedicated to a theme, following musicians, producers and journalists through the United States, Europe and Japan. 
Beyond My Crisis with Vivian Gaspar and Ron Rossnick|2017|The TV Show, "Beyond My Crisis with Ron and Vivian" bring real people and experts together to help our audience learn the best real life actions to resolve a variety of crises. Engaging and authentic conversations facilitated by co-hosts, Ron Rossnick and Vivian Gaspar who interview guest experts from around the U.S. and the world. Award nominees, Ron and Vivian make serious and heart-felt conversations palatable while educating viewers with solutions on living and loving life after tackling a crisis. Our experts and "every day" guests interact seamlessly with hosts Ron and Vivian to both educate and entertain in a uniquely engaging yet highly informative format. 
Beyond Reason|1977|A series of three panelists - among who include astrologers, a palmist, a handwriting expert, and clairvoyants - question a mystery guest. Each panelist has to his/her disposal only the tools of his/her trade: the astrologers have an astrological chart of the guest, the handwriting expert a sample of the guest's handwriting, the palmist a print of the guest's palm, and the clairvoyants a personal object belonging to the guest. Each panelist is given a set amount of time to make as many statements as he/she can about the guest, getting one point for every correct statement and bonus points for guessing the identity of the guest. After questioning the two guests per episode, the panelist with the most points wins the contest for that episode. 
Beyond Reasonable Doubt|1977|Beyond Reasonable Doubt is an ABC mini series filmed in 1977 consisting of four documentary programs which examine the Australian legal system through discussion of past court cases. Episode 1: Ronald Ryan Case, Episode 2: Mcleod-Lindsay Case, Episode 3: Leith Ratten Case, Episode 4: Van Beelen Case 
Beyond River Cottage|2004|Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall has outgrown the old River Cottage and now owns a 44 Acre farm in Dorset. To improve the economy of the new farm Hugh realizes he needs to branch out into further business ideas. But first he needs a viable location. 
Beyond Scared Straight|2011|'Beyond Scared Straight!' will once again show young offender intervention programs, only these have evolved since 'scaring teens is no longer as easy of a task.' Each of the four episodes will focus on a different prison program, following a group of at-risk teens and preteens going through the program and then catching up with them one month later. 
Beyond Tomorrow|2005|Matt finds some new ways for people to stay in contact at the world's largest electronics fair in Berlin. Adam and Jamie test a number of myths about cola. Graham looks at cars in France and Australia that have different approaches to running on compressed air. Anna meets some people who can correct close-up blurred vision for good. Hayden visits the kitchen of the future. 
Beyond Westworld|1980|This followup to the theatrical films "Westworld" and "Futureworld" features John Moore, Security Chief of the Delos Corporation, the company that created the killer robots seen in the films. Now Moore must deal with an evil scientist named Quaid, who has taken control of the lifelike Delos robots, and plans to use them in his plot to conquer the world. 
Beyond the Apocalypse|2018|a mini-series about a group of survivors struggling to stay alive in a dystopian future, centered on the outskirts of London in the desolate countryside.. A deadly virus outbreak causes humans to become infected with varying effects. You could die or go crazy, most are reduced to their primal instincts, Yet the biggest threat is not just the infected. 
Beyond the Athlete|2015|You root for their team and you know their stats, but how well do you really know your favorite athlete? Young Hollywood invites you to experience life during the off-season for these men and women. Find out who they are and what they love to do when they hang up their jersey, and get to know the person beyond the athlete. 
Beyond the Badge|2017|Beyond The Badge, is a one hour drama that explores the world beyond the badge of a blended family of top undercover LAPD cops. The story centers around the Allen's, Derek and Melanie, struggling to hold their marriage together amid the stresses of working undercover while raising two children. Derek secretly seeks therapy for his demons and tries to support his wife-who has demons of her own- and his wild younger foster brother, who he's been taking care of since they first met in foster care. 
Beyond the Barrier|2015|'Beyond the Barrier' follows the daily lives of a group of players of Pathfinder. Pathfinder is a roleplaying game not unlike Dungeons and Dragons which is played with pen and paper while seated at a table. It is played by millions of people around the world. 
Beyond the Boardroom|2008|Beyond the Boardroom is an Emmy-nominated television series of one-on-one interviews with some of America's preeminent CEOs and business luminaries hosted by Jonathan Tisch. In Beyond the Boardroom, Tisch goes beyond the quarterly reports and corporate mission statements to reveal the person behind the CEO. 
Beyond the Break|2006|Surf champion Justin Healy just got a great contract on Hawaii, training the high-profile young wave-riding talent for his sponsor WaveSync; putting them up in his house makes it even more heavenly for his teenage assistant Shoe, who has a crush on one of the girls. When Lacey Farmer sees a TV report on them, she leaves home where her mother's bossy boyfriend rules the roost and steals his credit-card to fly to Hawai and ask a sponsorship from Justin, who was her first surf teacher when he dated her ma years ago. He pleads for her, but his boss Scott Worthington refuses on account of her criminal record for violence against her ma's former lover; the present one makes clear to want vengeance on Lacey and her mother. 
Beyond the Director's Chair|2013|Ben Little is a struggling actor and aspiring director who was once a series regular on a (sort of) well known TV show. That all changed when they wrote his character off. Now he's broke, unemployed and doing what every broke, unemployed actor does... trying to find more work while attempting to make his own. Through a series of Vlogs, Ben documents the creative process of trying to make something out of nothing. 
Beyond the Groove|1990|A businessman is sent on a journey of musical discovery, through the U.S.A, meeting a variety of musical characters, including, David Stewart, Annie Lennox, Bob Geldorf, Harry Dean Stanton?, and others. A thoroughly enjoyable film to watch - if you appreciate musical talent. 
Beyond the Knock|2015|Beyond the Knock takes you inside Secret Knock. A phenomena which began in the living room of its founder, Greg S. Reid. Now several years old, the bi-annual event is known for forward-thinking presentations from high-profile presenters who have achieved significant business outcomes and enacted wide-scale social change. Key ingredients are TED-style presentations from individuals who are pioneers of change and life lesson experts, and advocates of collaboration. Imagination TV takes to beyond the door and lets you see for the first time on TV this invitation only life changing event. 
Beyond the Light Switch|2011|A look at the present and future, the challenges and probable solutions, of electrical power generation in the USA. Will we be able to meet the ever-increasing need for electricity in economical, reliable, and environmentally-sustainable ways? 
Beyond the Marquee|2011|Beyond the Marquee Field Reporter and time-traveling enthusiast A.J. Locascio teams up with our good friends at BackToTheFuture.com and ventures to Central Hollywood for the BACK TO THE FUTURE: A 2015 Art Tribute, featuring 88 Artists all celebrating the iconic film trilogy and beyond. 
Beyond the Red City|2015|Maya Canul is thrust into a whole new life and she is trying to find the answers to what has happened to her. She has lost her best friend, her boyfriend and wants answers. She enlists the help of a local College Professor to help her with some unusual drawings she seems to draw in her sleep. 
Beyond the Search|2011|A set of 14 short movies that give more information and dig deeper, than its previous set of Christian documentaries "The Search". "Beyond The Search" rove olives around 3 hosts who do different activities around the world which they then use to bring attention attention to bible verses and religious testimonies from The Seventh Day Adventist Church. 
Beyond the Talent|2012|Catch up with the biggest names in urban/pop music for an up close one-on-one exclusive interviews. Host Jennia Fredrique will take you back stage, behind the scenes, on the tour bus and inside the dressing room, for intimate dialogs where your favorite artists share their secrets to success. 
Beyond the Usual|2017|"Beyond the Usual" takes you on a journey of extraordinary experiences. A travel show produced and hosted by two-time National Emmy Award winning journalist Dayvee Sutton, who seeks out the most unique adventures, people, destinations and bucket-list experiences, and takes you along for the ride. 
Beyond|2005|Old wives tales, superstitions and recipes for brews, potions and remedies were once dismissed as bizarre and lacking in foundation or scientific validity. However, many of the most effective pharmaceutical products in use today came from such sources. In this episode, we explore these origins. 
Beyraiderz Shogun|2013|n an unknown land, 6 guardian beasts provide protection and help cities to thrive through battles called BeyRaiderz. An unknown evil arises to take on the 6-guardian figures, forcing the six to unite together. At the end of the battle the land is protected, but the guardians fall into a slumber. This allows many natural disasters to occur causing the land to lose its beauty and the people to forget about BeyRaiderz battles. As the six guardian beasts begin to awaken, they call on six BeyWarriors from other lands. The six BeyWarriors are each given BeyRaiderz and charged with going from coliseum arena to coliseum arena to battle. Battling enough times will allow the spirits to reawaken, and it can't happen soon enough as the same darkness that caused them to unite is reawakening and threatens to destroy the world once more. 
Bez prava na vybor|2013|A World War II hero and a talented saboteur, Kasym Kaysenov, left an exceptional trace in Ukrainian history. His heroic deeds continue to live on in memories of those indebted to him for his courage. This time Kasym will engage in sabotaging a German warehouse, an enterprise, which will end with the demise of the entire subversive group. Trapped behind enemy lines, Kasym will only be able to rely on the help of his compatriots. 
Bhabi Ji Ghar Par Hai|2015|As Vibhuthi is busy dreaming about a romantic moment with his neighbor Angoori, his wife sees him enjoying his sleep and assumes that he is dreaming about her. Later, Vibhuthi is forced to go out of the house to buy some milk and Vibhuthi is mesmerized by Angoori's beautiful voice. He is later introduced to Manmohan Tiwari's younger brother Laddoo who has the power to hear what one says in his mind. Meanwhile, Manmohan Tiwari wakes up and learns that there is no water in his house. Manmohan decides to go to Vibuthi's house to have his bath and decides to use this time to fulfill his desire of spending time with Vibuthi's wife Anita. 
Bharat Ka Veer Putra - Maharana Pratap|2013|From a young age prince Pratap is a true patriot who, like his ancestors, is a great warrior and treats his land as his mother. He follows the principles and sayings of his mother Jaivantabai and his Guru Raghavendra. Pratap is life of his father. It is also shown that how Pratap's step-mother Rani Dheerbai Bhatiyani makes several plans against him to make her son Jagmal the legal heir of Udai Singh. Pratap's love towards his first wife Ajabde Punwar and their relationship before and after marriage is also showcased in the show. He was a loyal son, caring brother,trust worthy lover, loving husband,a good father, noble king, great warrior and a true patriot. 
Bi Lahza: In a Moment|2017|The series tells the story of revenge between two influential families in northern Lebanon. To put an end to the bloodshed, marriage is proposed between the two families. Falak, the daughter of the "Al Harb" family is forced to marry Maher, who dies later on in a car crash. Pregnant, she has no choice but to marry his living brother Seif. After returning from abroad, Seif is forced to handle the affairs of the family, and discovers their involvement with the drug trade. He meets and falls in love with Naya, a girl who suffered from betrayal. He then finds himself caught between family traditions, the mafia and impossible love stories. 
Bi|2014|Bi-ography introduces us to Alex Walker, a young man looking for love, but his bisexuality makes dating a little difficult. After he receives an invitation to his ex's wedding, Alex has to decide if his heart has the strength to watch the one that got away, walk down the aisle. 
Bia D˙chais|2013|Bia D˙chais traces how six of our best-loved staples; Pork, Salmon, the Potato, Grains, Cheese and Honey, have run the gauntlet for over a thousand years to remain staples in our kitchen cupboard until today showing that the very same flavours that sat on the taste buds of our ancestors are still an active, real part of Irish lives. 
Bian ji bu de gu shi|1991|The drama depicts a world called "guidelines for editorial department, six different characters are understanding, communication and collision between the helpfulness of the editor, the description of their generation and society after the contact of every hue story. 
Bianca - Wege zum Gl¸ck|2004|Bianca Berger is a young woman with a dark secret: despite her innocence, she has been in prison for four years. After her release, she falls in love with Oliver Wellinghoff, son of a wealthy banker's family, but their relationship seems to have no future because Oliver's engaged to Judith Simon. As Bianca and her intriguing cousin Katy become employees of the Wellinghoff family, they are involved in many affairs, secrets and lies... 
Bibi Blocksberg|1994|'Bibi Blocksberg' is a German TV Show about a teenage witch and her family. Her mother is a witch too, but not her father (men can't normally be witches, but there are exceptions). Bibi has a broom that she calls "Mashed Potato" (Kartoffelbrei). She is still learning how to do spells and gets into trouble a lot. Some neighbors know about her and her family. She tries to help people when she can. 
Bibin svijet|2006|A little grocery shop on the city's suburbs is the place where cashier Biba Fruk and her co-workers Djurdja, Milivoj, Vlado and the boss Mr. Piskoric are working hard, but as usual, there's always something going wrong. Even though, Biba's every day life looks like other people's (home-work-home), her day is full of comical situations and troubles she's getting herself in due her sharp tounge and free spirit. She's loved at work among people and her co-workers appreciate her because of her's honesty. One thing is certain - Biba's World is full of regular people, who find themselves in unusual situations, far from boring every day life. A little store on the end of town, is a place where cash-register Biba Fruk and her collages Djurdja , Vlado, Milivoj and manager Piskoric; work hardly and try to do the job the best they can, but, as it is usually - something always goes wrong! 
Bible Secrets Revealed|2013|The Bible is one of the most influential and important books ever written and is considered by millions around the world to be the actual word of God. But has the Bible been translated so many times that its original stories have been compromised? The Bible is one of the most influential and important books ever written and is considered by millions around the world to be the actual word of God. But has the Bible been translated, edited and even censored so many times throughout history that its original stories have been compromised? This episode explores many eye-opening contradictions and questions from a variety of historical and theological perspectives that have been debated for centuries. Is it possible that Moses did not actually write the first five books of the Old Testament? Could it be that David may not have been the real killer of Goliath? Were the four gospels of the New Testament attributed to Matthew, Mark, Luke and John actually written by completely different authors? With the discovery of the ancient Dead Sea Scrolls, and with recent archaeological findings about the New Testament, religious scholars have found evidence of many truly compelling Bible secrets. 
Bible Thumpers|2019|Heaven can't get enough of Tuff Tuff, KooKoo and Mallets Thumper. Whenever an angel or even God himself need a good laugh, they can count on the Thumpers to give it to them. But there's one angel, Lucifer, who can't stand them. So naturally, the Thumpers make it their mission to be liked by the most beautiful angel in Heaven, until he wages a rebellion against God. So, Tuff Tuff, KooKoo and Mallets venture through history to encourage and help Biblical heroes like David, and drive Satan mad, of course. 
Bible's Buried Secrets|2011|Examining the archaeological record to find evidence of 10th century monumental architecture that would provide evidence for King David's empire. They also consider the history of archaeology in the region since the mid-20th century, and how much it's been influenced by politics and the Biblical text. 
Bibleman|1995|Miles Peterson, a regular guy with the best the world had to offer, turned to God and the Bible in his most desperate hour and from then on pledged to fight evil with the word of God. Disguised in the full armor of God as Bible Man, Miles fights against enemies of darkness using scripture. 
Biblical Collector's Series|2006|Approximately 2,500 prophecies appear in the Bible and 2,000 have been fulfilled. Did biblical prophets have special abilities that allowed them to foretell the future? Has modern technology actually created the devices for these ancient predictions of impending disasters to come true? Explore the predictions of the prophets, then decide for yourself: Are ancient prophecies today's reality? 
Biblical Conspiracies|2014|Two nails were discovered in the tomb of the High Priest Caiaphas who, according to the gospels, sent Jesus to the Romans, who then sent him to the cross. Using high tech tools, scientists try to prove that these nails were used to crucify Jesus. 
Bid America!|2012|A major auction company in the heartland of America. "Penn Auctions", unveils the most amazing "made in America" collections ever assembled for auction! Almost 1,500 items sold in only 3 days!! 1950's Chevy & Packard classic cars, 1930's Coca Cola vending machines, 1870's Colt and much more! Penn's premiere auctions have sold millions....see real collectors and BIG deals as we Bid America! 
Bien dans sa peau|1976|L'action gravite autour de Georges Lachance, un agent de la circulation. IntolÈrance, suicide, dÈpression, solitude, stress, conflits de couple et incomprÈhension parents-enfants ne sont que quelques-uns des problËmes auxquels doivent faire face Georges, ses amis et les membres de sa famille. 
Bienvenue aux Dames|2009|Kevin Matteau a quittÈ son village de Lac Touchet ‡ 20 ans pour trouver un boulot ‡ MontrÈal en publicitÈ. Il travaille maintenant que pour possÈder des choses qu'il n'apprÈcie pas vraiment, et pour sortir avec de magnifiques femmes auxquelles il ne tient pas. Le jour de ses 40 ans, lorsque vient le temps de souffler ses bougies, c'est le blocage. Kevin n'a rien ‡ se souhaiter. Le vide de son existence lui saute en pleine face. Alors, sans rÈflÈchir, il retourne dans son village natal, inconsciemment ‡ la recherche de ses racines. TrËs vite, Kevin se rend compte que plus rien n'est pareil. 
Biff Baker, U.S.A.|1952|The Bakers are invited to import some contemporary paintings, but they soon become aware that they are actually old masterpieces(including the Mona Lisa!) looted from great museums by the Nazis, now painted over to get them out of Europe by murderous art thieves. 
Big Apple|2001|Detective drama set in New York has two NYPD detectives, the veteran Mike Mooney, and his partner Vincent Trout, whom are forced by the FBI to work with them by teaming them up with agents Jimmy Flynn and Will Preecher to bring down crime and corruption in the city involving Russian mobsters, murderous drug dealers, and former police informant/contract killer Terry Maddock whom plays all parties against one another. 
Big Ass Agency|2012|Big Ass Agency (B.A.A.) is a comedic series about the day to day duties of an extremely dysfunctional Hollywood talent agency. From the delusional senior agent all the way down to the overly nervous interns this agency should have been shut down years ago. With that said B.A.A. still stands strong as one of the top talent agencies in Hollywood. 
Big Babies|2010|Big Babies is an excellent children's programme using CGI, green screen and live film technology, a clever script takes us on the adventures if the big babies (mainly Rocco and Brooke) the babies with adult heads. From The terrors of the dinosaur train to a trip to the the market with their daredevil soft toy Budge watching their every move. A great series which kept my children (and me!) entertained. 
Big Bad BBQ Brawl|2016|Shannon is heading to Memphis to challenge local favorite Jessie B's to a Southern-style barbecue showdown featuring steak and eggs; Shannon may be the barbecue king up North, but he's going to need some inspiration from the local cuisine to conquer. 
Big Bad Wood|2013|It's just another day in Boston for these urban axmen as one crew deals with a stubborn tree that fights back, while another crew tries to delicately maneuver in cramped quarters. Meanwhile, the third crew has the luxury of working in a manicured neighborhood of million dollar homes, and the fourth tries to alleviate the tension from irate neighbors. 
Big Bad World|2013|Big Bad World is a comedy about what happens when you wait for life to begin. Ben has just graduated and the world should be his oyster, but he quickly finds himself back in his hometown and nursing his as yet unformulated dreams. He's also back to hanging out with the same old gang; too-smart-for-her-own-good charity mugger Meg, guitar-obsessive bedsit-philosopher Eggman and University-refuser and unashamed year-round-wearer-of-shorts-and-flip-flops Oakley. If it weren't for the frequent overdraft charges, Ben might almost believe the last three years of his life never happened. 
Big Ballet|2014|Big Ballet follows a troupe of plus-size amateur dancers as they attempt to realise their dream of dancing Swan Lake. Rebellious dance legend Wayne Sleep was the shortest dancer ever to make his debut on the Royal Ballet stage and now he wants to unlock the world of ballet for a wider audience and break one of the biggest taboos in ballet: size. Under the watchful eye of Wayne and prima ballerina Monica Loughman, the dancers attempt to do what some experts say is impossible. 
Big Bang|2007|After Cpt. Boudouris has caught Lazaros and Margarita kissing, he sends Lazaros to spend the night at the camp's lockup, unless he accepts to marry her. Vaso has lost Nikos' locket, which now is changing hands between the privates of the camp, and she with Tzeni decide to buy a new one to replace it. Meanwhile, Cpt. Boudouris, after Lazaros' denial to marry Margarita, organizes a plan. He leaves Lazaros all alone in the camp to guard Antonis in the lockup, as a punishment for leaving the camp, and removes all the guns from the storehouse to blackmail him. At the same moment, Tzeni begins a relationship with Vasilis. 
Big Bear|1998|In two parts - I - 1875, and the buffalo on the verge of disappearance. Cree leader Big Bear is attempting to negotiate for his band with the Canadian government who wish him to sign the treaty and select a reserve. As the band starves and conditions worsen the more radical young warriors, such as his son Little Bad Man, grow in power. Part II: When they hear of the Metis victory at Duck Lake, in the spring of 1885, Little Bad Man and Wandering Spirit (the war chief) take control of the band and attack the whites at the settlement at Frog Lake, later capturing and burning Fort Pitt. They are hunted by government troops whom they force to retreat but Big Bear's scattered band soon surrenders, resulting in execution for some leaders and prison for Big Bear. 
Big Brother Canada|2013|The format for Big Brother in Canada remains largely unchanged from the U.S. edition, making them the only two version of the series thus far to follow this format. HouseGuests are sequestered in the Big Brother House without contact with the outside world. Each week, the HouseGuests take part in several compulsory challenges that determine who will win food, luxuries, and opportunities to become the Head of Household (HoH) or win the Power of Veto (PoV). The winner of the weekly HoH competition is immune from nominations and nominates two fellow HouseGuests for eviction. The two HouseGuests nominated for eviction are also referred to as being "on the block" for eviction. After a HouseGuest becomes HoH, he or she is ineligible to take part in the next HoH competition. The winner of the PoV competition wins the right to save one of the nominated HouseGuests from eviction and take them off the block. If the PoV winner exercises the power, the HoH then nominates another HouseGuest to go up on the block for eviction. HouseGuests also take part in the Have vs. Have-Not competitions. Depending on their performance during the competitions, HouseGuests are divided into either the "Haves" or the "Have Nots." The Have Nots are restricted to eating "Big Brother Slop" and a couple of food items selected by the viewing public. They are also allowed to eat condiments and protein shakes. Have Nots are only allowed to take cold showers, and typically sleep on uncomfortable beds in a room with poor aesthetics. On Eviction Night, all HouseGuests, except for the HoH and the two nominees on the block, vote to evict one of the two nominees. This compulsory vote takes place in the Diary Room, where voting HouseGuests are asked by the show's host, Arisa Cox, whom they want to evict. In the event of a tie, the HoH casts the deciding vote, announcing it in front of the other HouseGuests 
Big Brother Croatia|2004|Big Brother is a reality show shown on RTL Televizija in which a number of contestants live in an isolated house trying to avoid being evicted by the public with the aim of winning a large cash prize at the end of the run. It is based on the international Big Brother format produced by Endemol. In the first four seasons (and the Celebrity season) the house was located in Jadran Film studios, in the Dubrava section of Zagreb. In season 5, the house of Big Brother Thailand was used. There have been five seasons - 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008 plus one celebrity season. Big Brother Croatia' holds the record for having the most regular seasons (five) with only male contestants winning the show each year (although the celebrity edition was won by a woman). Daca from season 2 and Maja Paola from season 4 came very close though, losing by only 2% difference to the eventual winners Hamdija and Vedran, respectively. 
Big Brother Danmark|2001|The Danish version of the hit reality TV show. A group of contestants from a variety of backgrounds are locked in the same house, where they must try to get along well enough to keep from killing each other. The house has been wired with cameras in every room so that we at home can watch them on TV. Each week, the contestants vote to evict one of their number, until only one remains to claim the grand prize. Applies to seasons 1 (spring 2001) and 2 (fall 2001): In a house on a secret location in Copenhagen 10 people are locked up and isolated from the rest of the world. During 100 days they will be voted out of the show one by one until one left is. He or she who remains wins the price of 500.000 Danish kroners. The house is equipted with 27 cameras and 55 microphones recording their movements 24 hours a day and edited into the following day's episode of the show. On a website all 24 hours are transmitted live from the house. Applies to season 3 (fall 2003): The contestants are locked up and isolated for 68 days. One by one they are voted out by each other. The grand prize is 1 million Danish kroners. The house is equipted with 29 cameras og 65 microphonesrecording their movements 24 hours a day and edited into the following day's episode of the show. 
Big Brother Jake|1990|Stuntman Jake Rozzner returns to NYC to help foster mother Connie with a diverse group of kids. Boy crazy Jill, brainy Kateri, husky Lou plus hyper Andy and Dave need a loving father figure. Gary is Jake's attorney friend and Jane his old girlfriend. 
Big Brother Norge|2001|The Norwegian version of the hit reality TV show. A group of people from a variety of backgrounds are locked in the same house, where they must try to get along well enough to keep from killing each other. The house has been wired with cameras in every room so that we at home can watch them on TV. Each week, the contestants vote to evict one of their number, until only one remains to claim the grand prize. 
Big Brother Uncut|2001|An Australian version to the popular reality TV show in which ordinary people must live together under the watchful eye of the TV cameras until only one remains. Naturally, with every room of the house wired for video, some things will by captured on film that can't be shown on regular TV. This program collects those clips together so that we may see our favorite contestants changing their clothes and taking showers. An Australian/New Zealand version of the incredibly popular reality TV show in which ordinary people are filmed living together under the same roof, driving each other crazy until only one remains. With seven days of 24-hour filming in so many rooms, there's too much footage for the regular viewer to see everything that's going on. This show collects together the most interesting clips to keep everyone up to date on what their favorite (or least favorite) players are doing. 
Big Brother VIPS|2000|An updated version of the hit reality TV show. Rather than ordinary people, this version of the show locks a group of celebrities in the same house, where they must try to get along well enough to keep from killing each other. The house has been wired with cameras in every room so that we at home can watch them on TV. Each week, the contestants vote to evict one of their number, until only one remains to claim the grand prize. 
Big Brother|2000|The German version of the hit reality TV show. A group of people from a variety of backgrounds are locked in the same house, where they must try to get along well enough to keep from killing each other. The house has been wired with cameras in every room so that we at home can watch them on TV. Each week, the contestants vote to evict one of their number, until only one remains to claim the grand prize. 
Big Brother's Little Brother|2001|Dermot O'Leary takes a behind the scenes look at the goings on in the UK's second season of Big Brother, featuring all the latest news, interviews with the housemates friends and family and co-presenters in the form of the evicted housemates. 
Big Brown Couch|2013|From time to time, friends get into heated conversations about deep and meaningful things that really shape their lives... this is not one of those conversations. Follow Danny and Ryan at a distance. 
Big Bugs Band|2011|Take a journey into the world of music and discover rhythms and sounds like you've never heard before; from opera to jazz, rock n' roll, to samba. In a special adaptation for little ears, and with an emphasis on musical improvisation, this series will inspire the musician in every child. 
Big Cat Diary|1996|Come along on an adventure with Jonathan Scott, Simon King, and other professionals and camera crews as they journey through the Masai Mara game park in Kenya, Africa. In their travels they follow many different families and prides of animals, mainly focusing on a few different lion prides, leopards, and cheetahs, stunning males, aggressive yet loving females, and cute cubs too! 
Big Cat Week Collection|2010|From acclaimed filmmakers Dereck and Beverly Joubert, The Unlikely Leopard is the coming of age story of a young male leopard with a distinct personality. Join National Geographic as we follow this leopard through his life stages, from clumsy cub and stubborn teenager to independent adult. 
Big Chef Takes on Little Chef|2009|Little Chef Restaurants are an iconic part of the British culinary landscape. First opened in 1958, Little Chef Restaurants were originally known for serving British-styled and family-styled diner fast food at inexpensive prices. Currently with 180 outlets located primarily along motorways across Britain, Little Chef has hit difficult times of late where the customer line-ups of years past are no longer the norm. Feeling the need to reinvent Little Chef, head office management decide to bring in an unlikely fix: Michelin three-star award winning chef 'Heston Blumenthal' (qv), who is known more for gastronomic masterpieces with attention to detail that appeal to all the senses, as opposed to Little Chef fast food. Will Heston's sensibilities be able to transform Little Chef to recapture the widespread commercial success it once had while still keeping its primary essence of a brand? 
Big City Broker|2007|Always on the lookout for a great deal, Brad takes a trip to Miami to see if he can cash in on the mortgage meltdown the U.S. market is facing. Linda works on a time crunch for first time buyers whose mortgage pre-approval rate is about to expire. Rob must find a strategy to sell an ¸ber urban loft for a young family who need a more family-friendly space. 
Big City|2012|New York is cray. And so are all of the people that live in it, myself included. It is also wonderful and terrifying and small town-ish and hilarious. Really, it's like someone's weird uncle Bob who is predictable and inexplicable at the same time. New York and all of the people who live, work, call it home or are only here for a quick trip, are the meat and potatoes behind the web series Big City. Through two roommates who met on Craigslist, (as usually happens in New York), we are brought into the world of Big City Life. Each episode follows Dan,(a musician), and Josie,(an aspiring something or other), and the crazy situations they find themselves in. Though the story follows this duo who have a brother/sister like relationship - as if they were separated at birth or something, our main character, our tragic hero, our ingenue is the City itself. Each episode is based on something that has actually happened to someone, somewhere at some point in time. In the vein of I Love Lucy or Seinfeld, these stories aren't love stories or gross out stories, they are stories about what can happen on any given day in New York City. 
Big Daddy's House|2008|Aaron's son Justin helps prepare horseradish-crusted petite sirloin steaks w/braised Portobello mushrooms; smashed fingerling potatoes w/roasted shallots; spicy green beans w/toasted almonds & brown butter; & bruled white-chocolate pudding. 
Big Dance Shorts|2014|Each film reflects a UK-Brazilian collaboration, and the relationship between dance and film is at the heart of all the ideas. The selected projects are: THE TRY OUT which marks choreographer/director Jessica Wright and Morgann Runacre Temple's first commission for television. The Try Out is a funny and surreal story around a Brazilian Choro-style band MEMORIAS filmed on location in S„o Paulo; a moving collaboration between film director Bertie, Brazilian filmmaker Azul Serra, choreographer Ponciano Almeida and the Guarini Dance Company NEITHER HERE OR THERE Sergio Cruz, Andre Portasio and choreographer Tamarin Stott look at questions of belonging and displacement between UK and Brazil, working primarily with leading ballet dancers Junor Souza and Fernanda Oliveira DUAL Jonzi D, Margaret Williams A free-style duet filmed on a journey through the streets of Cascavel with hip hop at its heart DANCING WITH GHOSTS a lyrical archive-based film from Billy Cowie and Gabriela Alcofra combining British and Brazilian film clips from 1930s with a contemporary dancer. 
Big Day|2006|Danny and Alice are expected to be nervous before their wedding. Her mother obsesses about a perfect party, worthy of two wealthy professionals' guests and status, but clashes with the bride's common preferences. Her dad, the doctor, feels that a camp counselor is way beneath his family's status. Danny remains his clumsy boyish self, but Alice seems to expect him to 'mature' magically through marriage. Meanwhile Danny's brother and best man Skobo has a short and painful fling with her sister Becca. 
Big Deals: The Good, the Bad & the Ugly|2002|Big Deals takes a dramatic look at some of the most significant business transactions of the 20th century. Subjects include Sony's purchase of Columbia Pictures, Microsoft's fortuitous acquisition of the DOS program, the Red Sox's sale of Babe Ruth to the NY Yankees, and Lucy and Desi's deal to produce "I Love Lucy". Big Deals features illuminating interviews with inside players such as Michael Ovitz, Edgar Bronfman, Jr., Herbert Allen, John Peters and Peter Guber. Narrated by Geoffrey Colvin, editorial director of Fortune Magazine and co-host of "Wall $treet Week with Fortune." 
Big Dogs|2018|In a violent, decaying New York City torn by financial collapse, race riots, and a surging crime wave, an underworld economy of illegal, debauchery-ridden nightclubs linked by a web of taxicabs is thriving. But there is trouble in this dark paradise. Renny, a young fashion photographer moving drugs through the taxi network for the party circuit, is forced to step up his game to a dangerous degree by his boss, Reza, the local frontman for an international crime syndicate that's looking to take over the city. Renny is soon in the cross-hairs of his boss and Detective Sixto Santiago, who is part of an experimental unit in the NYPD using undercover taxicabs to try to crack down on the drug trade that is keeping the prohibited party circuit afloat. But Santiago has just been partnered with a strange new arrival, Everett More, who he soon realizes is anything but a cop. From the dank, dark garages of the city's taxi trade to the glittering playpens of its richest and most powerful, Big Dogs (based on the novel Rivers of Gold) is a ride like no other. Climb inside - the meter is running. 
Big Easy Motors|2016|There's undiscovered treasure in the bayous of Louisiana and Charles Handler knows how to find it. From a 1957 Chevy Bel Air convertible to a 1967 Shelby Mustang GT, Handler and his team turn long-forgotten piles of junk into dazzling custom cars. He searches all over Louisiana for one-of-a-kind classics, invests his own money to fix them up, and then sells them at auction. These treasures can sell for big money, so there's huge profit to be made if everything goes according to plan. 
Big Eddie|1975|"Big" Eddie Smith was the new owner of New York's Big E Sports Arena. Smith was also an ex-gambler who was trying not to get sucked back into the racket, while dealing with the various crazies and eccentrics that crossed his path. He lived with his ex-stripper wife Honey and their granddaughter Ginger. 
Big Fish Texas|2016|Big Fish Texas follows Galveston's Guindon family as they try to keep Katie's Seafood Market - their family business - growing and thriving at all costs. A homegrown enterprise built both on land and at sea, the challenges at Katie's are everywhere. On the water, they battle against long days, longer nights, a sea full of predators, and Mother Nature's whims. At home base, they struggle to juggle surpluses, shortages, and orders while also processing a quarter of the Gulf's deep-water fish and spearheading initiatives to preserve their fishery. But no matter how busy the business keeps them, at the end of the day this is a family built on old-fashioned values, and they'd never miss an opportunity to get together for a good laugh and a home-cooked meal. 
Big Fish|????|If the beautiful scenery and good southern cooking doesn't draw you to Biloxi and the Mississippi Gulf Coast then you're not living! Here we follow the lives, times and family business of the Trochesset family with Silver Dollar charters a multi generation long line of charter boat captains consisting of Captain Jay, Ms. Vicki, their two sons who are both Captains (Dustin and Brandon) and the rest of the family along with their very colorful deckhand Kenny nicknamed Coon. All this while their competition Captain Ron and Pandora with Captain Ron's charters along with others try to not only stay in business but thrive in the hard and fast paced charter boat business. 
Big Freedia: Queen of Bounce|2013|This show follows Big Freedia (born Frederick Ross) on her journey toward superstardom in the mainstream media. As the undisputed ambassador of the energetic, New Orleans-based Bounce movement, Big Freedia is never afraid to twerk, wiggle, and shake her way to self-confidence, and is encouraging her fans to do the same. 
Big Giant Swords|2015|Sword-maker Irish Mike creates two giant weapons: a sword shaped like a whale and a "Lock Blade" that swings open like a folding knife. A weapon test goes horribly wrong when Mike sets the blade on fire and accidentally ignites himself in the process. 
Big Green Rabbit|2007|Isabelle and Charlie visit the Museum of Nature and Science and wonder what happened to the dinosaurs. They are transported back to the Jurassic period where they are members of the audience and competitors on the popular program "American Dino." 
Big Guy and Rusty the Boy Robot|1999|Created by the government to fight of world threatening peril Big Guy was the world's first artificially intelligent robot... or so the government wanted us to believe. But Big Guy is really just a super-suit with a man inside posing as Big Guy's mechanic. The world was not to know Big Guy wasn't A.I. because they couldn't tell society the technology wasn't ready yet. Years later Big Guy finds himself being replaced by an enthusiastic young robot named Rusty who actually has A.I. as well as the mind and personality of a ten-year old. But when saving the world proves too hard for Rusty Big Guy is called out of retirement. But now he must show the young robot the ropes. 
Big Hawaii|1977|The conflicts between conservative rancher Barrett Fears, one of Hawaii's wealthiest and most powerful men, and his headstrong son Mitch punctuated this series set and filmed in Hawaii. Much like another series about ranchers, "Bonanza", family was at the center of most of the characters' problems, as well as the day-to-day difficulties of running a ranch as large as the Paradise and occasional battles with the natives. 
Big Heads|2014|A young woman has hit her quarter-life crisis. What is a quarter-life crisis anyway? It's waking up on a night club floor, perpetual unemployment, homesickness and bad one-night stands. This is a darkly comical English-language web series documenting the lives of young artists in Europe's most culturally hip city: Berlin. 
Big Heat|2011|What does it take to make it big in music? The four members of the rookie idol group Big Heat - Kim San (Kim Joo Young), Dok Go (Jo Sung Wook), Tae Ha (Jo Sung Woo) and Joo Pil (Oh Song) - want to do whatever it takes to make it in the music industry. 
Big Hero 6: The Series|2017|As the new prodigy at San Fransokyo Institute of Technology, Hiro now faces daunting academic challenges and the social trials of being the little man on campus. Off campus, the stakes are raised for the high-tech heroes as they must protect their city from an array of scientifically enhanced villains. 
Big History|2013|Reveals how cold has the power to turn men into Barbarians, spark history's longest running war, and create the concept of race. After the heat of the Big Bang, cold creates the Universe and the planet as we know it. For thousands of years on Earth, cold controls the fate of our species by changing our bodies, our skin, and even the metals we use to fight our wars. When we finally take control of the cold, we learn to dominate the planet. 
Big Hit Pending|2016|Written by Christy Gomez and Summer Moran, Big Hit Pending is about novice writer and optimist, Charlie, getting ready to write the next great american musical with her best friend Blaise by her side. Her life is turned upside down when she finds out her crazy ex popstar cousin, Persephone inherits the same apartment. The two must put aside their differences and come together as a team to make their show work with the help of Blaise, Charlie's dimwitted friend Sonny, and his questionable roommate, Comrade Mango. 
Big Ideas|2014|Visit an arboretum at Cal Tech with Tony and Tory as they take a look at how to assess trees for diseases through different risk factors. After looking at all risk factors involved, numerical probability is assigned to find the treatment of a particular tree. 
Big John, Little John|1976|Junior high school science teacher John Martin, on a vacation in Florida, drinks from the legendary Fountain of Youth allegedly discovered by Ponce de Leon. A few weeks later, he transforms into a 12-year-old version of himself. The change is temporary, but from then on, John proceeds to randomly switch back and forth from "Big John" to "Little John" and back again at unexpected moments. John's wife and son were in on the secret, explaining "Little John" away as their nephew, but the struggle to keep John's secret made up most of the show's humor. Miss Bottomly was the matronly school principal who harbored Dr. Bellowsesque suspicions about John. 
Big Law: Deputy Butterbean|2011|Former heavyweight boxer Eric Esch, more popularly known as Butterbean, barreled into the national ring in the '90s like a 400-pound wrecking ball clad in American flag shorts. Now, Butterbean is taking his hard-earned, tough guy reputation to the streets of his hometown: he's been deputized by the Walker County Sheriff's office, and he's on a one-man mission to bring back a sense of community safety, no matter how many butts he has to kick. 
Big Little City|2017|Big Little City is a comedy web series about an introverted OCD uni student called Eric who is struggling to survive in the big city of Auckland, New Zealand. Eric awkwardly attempts to attract the love of his new hot flatmate Sarah. Unfortunately he is unsuccessful in his attempts and due to a series of rejections is evicted from his house and fired from his job. 
Big Little Lies|2017|While Madeline and Celeste take new in town single mom Jane under their wing, none of them realises how the arrival of Jane and her inscrutable little boy will affect them all. Big Little Lies is a brilliant take on ex-husbands and second wives, schoolyard scandal, and the dangerous little lies we tell ourselves just to survive. A darkly comedic tale of murder and mischief in the tranquil beachfront town of Monterey, Calif. Amidst doting moms, successful husbands, beautiful children, and stunning homes exists a community fueled by rumors and divided into haves and have-nots, exposing fractured relationships between husbands and wives, parents and children, and friends and neighbors. Told through the eyes of three mothers -- Madeline, Celeste and Jane -- the series' narrative explores society's myths regarding perfection and its romanticization of marriage, sex, parenting and friendship. 
Big Love|2006|Bill's attempt to stage a "safety net" meeting for polygamist leaders is hindered by Alby and Home Plus objectors. In an effort to find common ground with her mother, Barb asks Nancy to join her at a symposium focusing on mother-daughter Mormon challenges. Nicki learns the extent of Adaleen's isolation; Marge despairs over the quandary involving Ana and Goran; and Cara Lynn impresses her math teacher, and Greg. 
Big Man|2014|Kim Ji-Hyeok (Kang Ji-Hwan) doesn't have parents and goes through a tough life. He then meets Dal-Sook who runs a small restaurant at a traditional market. Kim Ji-Hyeok follows her like his mother and settles down at the traditional market. He works hard to open up his own store within the traditional market. Suddenly, Kim Ji-Hyeok becomes a hidden son from a family that owns Korea's top company Hyunsung. He realizes though that there are impure intentions. Since that moment, Kim Ji-Hyeok takes revenge upon the people at the Hyunsung company. He becomes romantically involved with a woman named So Mi-Ra (Lee Da-Hee) who he meets at the most important time in his life. 
Big Metal Bird|2015|United is changing the way it does inflight dining. That means more options, including new recipes with better ingredients, and the return of free inflight snacks. Join host, Katie Nolan, as she goes behind the scenes at United's kitchen to see what's cooking on the third episode of Big Metal Bird. 
Big Money TV|2014|Big Money is an unscripted, un-staged, semi-reality/educational/informational program. It's filmed on location, in any city or any state, where we can teach our audience the fundamentals of making money in real estate. We named the show Big Money because the phrase encompasses what goes through most peoples head when they think about a real estate "tycoon". Making money in real estate is one of the classic American dreams. The crew at Big Money want to be instrumental in helping their viewers create their own American dream through an EMPIRE of real estate wealth. Doug Clark reviews different properties and teaches the audience the potential distressed properties actually hold. We've classified our TV program as semi-reality/educational/informational because we simply can't create 'reality TV', as it's known in the entertainment industry. To be frank, we're not interested in 'creating' reality TV (we don't have the time, budget, or the stomach!). We're here to show you the actual nuts and bolts of making money in real estate. We're not the most dramatic show on TV, but what you see is the REAL part of so-called 'reality TV'. Every week Doug Clark and the Big Money crew will teach and show examples of different ways to use real estate to make money, in a way the 'normal person' can understand. Big Money is filmed, in high-definition, edited, and produced with a small crew of media professionals that are the technical and production stuff, as well as, part of the cast. 
Big Morning Buzz Live|2011|Hosted by 'Carrie Keagan' (qv) for it's first nine seasons then Nick Lachey for it's final season, Big Morning Buzz Live is a fun and edgy, one-hour morning talk show on VH1 that provides a live, daily dose of pop culture news, chat, music and entertainment. Presented live from the lobby of VH1's headquarters in New York City, the show offers up-to-the-minute topical headlines, engaging celebrity interviews, live musical performances and in-depth conversations with insiders, bloggers and experts in a variety of fields from Music, Movies, TV and everything in between. 
Big Night Out|2016|2016 sucks. But even in this bleak world, kids still gather, get loaded, dress up and dance to weird, loud music. Now Clive Martin - VICE's T.S. Elliot of rave - is traveling the planet to discover how partying has become an act of rebellion, subsistence or survival for young people everywhere. Clive goes behind rebel lines in Ukraine and parties with refugees in Greece, exploring the personal stories behind the parties. 
Big Order|2016|Ten years ago, a child wished for the destruction of the world. Now, a group of people has the ability to grant their wishes depending on their power. They are called "Order User. Before these great people who have the power of "Order," one person excels the most with the ability to rule and conquer the world and turn people into puppets when it is in his jurisdiction. This power belongs to Hoshimiya Eiji, who is also responsible for the destructive phenomena that happened exactly ten years ago. 
Big Papa|2017|The series is based on the trials and tribulations of four ethnic acting students pursing their life's dreams in modern day Los Angeles. Lead by their good heart-ed but politically incorrect acting coach "Mr. William Morris", the four students try to navigate through the perils of Hollywood while trying to survive as a waiter, a photographer, and a doctor. Refusing to accept the stereotypical roles that Hollywood has to offer, the students decide to create their own acting opportunities by embarking on a self funded indie film. A sudden tragedy however, forces the band of actors to re-evaluate their lives and re-evaluate the pursuit of their movie making dreams. 
Big Picture Earth: Music|2016|Maine's Baxter State park is home to streams, lakes, mountain peaks and wildlife. We meander down trails over lush green mossy banks and wander by picturesque ponds. Fungi and woodland creatures inhabit these 327 square miles of Acadian woods, which include the mighty Mount Katahdin. 
Big Picture Earth: Natural Sound|2016|At dawn on the Damariscotta River in Maine, the mist rises slowly around an army of herring gulls on the banks. They carefully watch the flowing waters. Beneath the surface, alewives swim slowly but persistently upstream, as they have for millions of years, in a gauntlet of death and birth. 
Big Red: The Original Outlaw Racer|2015|Welcome to 'Hot Rod Holy Ground'. Some of the biggest names in racing have been chasing speed on this natural wonder for 100 years, now Big Red joins the fraternity. RJ and Big Red get ready to take on the legendary salt flats and try to break the record of 246mph on this incredible 5 mile straight line course. 
Big Rich Atlanta|2013|Series enters the world of an exclusive Atlanta country club, where outrageously wealthy mothers and daughters do whatever it takes to stay on top of the social scene and in control of the action. It's hot, it's humid, and it's full of drama. 
Big Rich Texas|2011|Everything is bigger in Texas! As Leslie moved from California to Dallas with her pageant queen God-daughter, we find her meeting a new group of women and their daughters at the local country club. As they try to fit in and find their place, we get an intimate look at the mom-daughter relationships for all they are, and for all they are not. Just three seasons, but entertaining for all, with a lot of growing up, life lessons, and lessons on what not to do. We learn about love, loss, forgetting, and forgiving. Everything just may be bigger in Texas, but also richer in more ways than one! 
Big Rig Bounty Hunters|2013|When a truck carrying $1.3 million in flu vaccines goes missing, Ohio's top Big Rig Bounty Hunters are called into action. They learn the driver suffered a seizure, is hospitalized, and has no recollection of where his truck is. Time is of the essence in finding this rig--and earning the $3,500 bounty--because if the truck's refrigerator isn't working, the vaccines will be ruined. As this search unfolds, a second bounty is up for grabs... A driver in a pay dispute is holding for ransom his load of nearly $40,000 in specialty lumber. The trucking company refuses to pay the ransom and reward bad behavior. So, in order to earn a bounty of $4,500 the teams must outsmart the driver and trick him into giving up his load. 
Big School|2013|The series follows Keith Church (David Walliams), a socially naive chemistry teacher at the fictional Greybridge Secondary School, near Watford, North London, who falls for new French teacher Sarah Postern (Catherine Tate), who believes herself to be an inspirational teacher, in tune with youth culture and a beautiful woman. However she is also getting attention from arrogant and rude sports teacher Trevor Gunn (Philip Glenister). Other staff members include Ms Baron (Frances de la Tour) as the alcoholic 'no nonsense' headteacher, Mr Martin (Daniel Rigby), a music teacher with ambitions to be a singer-songwriter, Mr Barber (Steve Speirs), a geography teacher who is having a nervous breakdown and is employed as a caretaker in the second series and Mr Hubble (James Greene), the elderly and confused head of science. The pupils at the school are portrayed as being mainly interested in social networking, texting and partying and as being bored by the attempts of Mr Church and Miss Postern to engage with them. The most prominent of them in the first series is a streetwise pupil called Manyou, played by Joivan Wade, who is asked for advice on how to succeed with women by Mr Church. 
Big Shamus, Little Shamus|1979|Arnie Sutter was the house detective at the Hotel Ansonia in Atlantic City, New Jersey, USA prior to legalized gambling. After gambling was legalized, the Ansonia got a second lease on life and built a new casino which brought more "undesirable" elements into the hotel. Arnie must now chase prostitutes, con men, thieves, etc. in order to keep the casino "clean." Arnie who lives in the hotel with his 13-year-old son Max, works for George Korman. Other characters on the show include assistant manager Stephanie Marsh, desk clerk Jerry Wilson and Jingles Lodestar, an undercover security guard posing as a cocktail waitress. 
Big Shot Live|2008|Big Shot Live is the first talent competition that gives everyone a daily opportunity to come to Hollywood and pursue their dreams. Starting January 28th 2008 contestants will start uploading their audition video for Modeling, Singing, Dancing, Acting, TV Host, Comedy, and Sports. The top vote getters (one in each category) will be chosen weekly and flown to Hollywood where they will be assigned one of Big Shot Live's managers, who will set them up with an audition and a chance to book a real Hollywood job that same week. In as little as 24 hours Big Shot Live will give contestants that near impossible Hollywood break everyone dreams of. 
Big Shots|2007|Duncan tries everything in his power to win Lisbeth back from Terrance. Elsewhere, Wendy decides she and Karl should resume their attempts to have a baby but when the fertility specialist tells Wendy that her chances of carrying are virtually nil Marla volunteers to be a surrogate - much to the horror of Karl. Meanwhile, James is double-crossed by financial news reporter Alex Mason and Cameron finds out who Zack really is - Duncan's son. 
Big Shrimpin'|2011|After being battered by tropical storm Lee, Captains Bullfrog and Roundhead each race to reposition themselves for huge hauls back at sea, while Redbone, after spending time mourning his father, re-enters the race for saltwater gold in an entirely new location. 
Big Sky|1997|Big Sky is centred on the adventures of the pilots of a small aviation company in Australia called "Big Sky Aviation" and the battles of the owner to keep the company running. Chief pilot Chris Manning is determined to look after his team, even if that conflicts with the new boss, Lauren Allen, who has inherited the company following the death of her father. 
Big Smo|2014|John Rich and Smo are together again - this time to co-write a song that Smo believes is his best shot at convincing Warners to green-light a second album. During this, Smo also faces his biggest hurdle: dealing with the news of his mother's tumor. 
Big Star Little Star|2017|This week the three teams of celebrities and their children who try to answer questions about each other are: NBA Champion Kenny Smith and his son Malloy, Comedienne/Actress Nicole Sullivan and her son Beckett, and actor Gilles Marini and his daughter Juliana. 
Big Ten Treasure Hunter|2014|A seven-year-old infatuated with Michigan State memorabilia; a unique stash of Wolverine paraphernalia centering around the 1890s and early 1900s; and an unapologetic Iowa fan who furnished his own Hawkeyes nest in the middle of Cornhusker country. 
Big Texas Heat|2012|Follows the on and off-duty antics of the most colorful police department in Texas. The officers in tiny Trinity, Tex., (population 2,656) may not have the world's highest crime rate to contend with, but keeping their small town safe from danger is a full-time job for this fun-loving crew. 
Big Time RV|2014|This show gives viewers an all-access pass inside the most prestigious RV dealership, Lazydays RV, located in Tampa, FL. The expert sales force and first-rate service center work together to satisfy the demands of RV lovers looking to buy or rent the biggest, most over-the-top RVs. 
Big Time Rush|2009|It's the final stop on BTR's World Tour and we go behind the curtain and see all the craziness that occur backstage. Combining real concert footage, we see the guys prepare for the show and deal with backstage drama at the same time. 
Big Tiny: Life with the Jordans|2012|New series about the extraordinary life of the world's smallest siblings. In September 2011, 22-year-old Bridgette Jordan was crowned the World's Shortest Living Woman. Weighing only 18 pounds, she stands a diminutive, beyond-belief size of 28" (about the size of a six month old baby), while her younger brother Brad, weighs only 35 pounds and stands just 38" tall. Making them the world's shortest living brother and sister. 
Big Tits at Work|2006|It's the last thing that Romi expected when she got to work today Mr. Lawless showing up at her desk telling her he needs to audit her expenses. Romi figures that she has nothing to hide until she realizes she combined her online sex toy order with some training material for the office. Romi thinks that she can convince Sean that this is a required expense by letting him do a bit of internal investigating. If he's going to audit her ass, he's going to have to do it Romi's fucking way. 
Big Tits in Uniform|2009|Sgt. Nails needs a bad-ass gunner for the front lines. Everybody knows Jayden's got the best shot in the platoon so he puts her to the test. She proves to be an excellent marksman but Sgt. Nails is worried about two huge problems; Jayden's giant tits. Are they going to get in the way during combat? Further tests on those huge tits must be made to find out if she's the slutty soldier he's looking for. 
Big Top Talent|1980|Often unintentionally hilarious, low-budget children's talent show from the Hamilton, Ontario network that also produced such cult-classics as "Smith & Smith" (which spawned Red Green) and "The Hilarious House of Frightenstein". "Big Top Talent" featured Bonkers the Clown, perhaps the creepiest children's show host in history, and Billy Barty as the little mailman. Local children would sing, dance, juggle, etc, to impress Bonkers and their TV audience ... and everybody always won a balloon, no matter how pathetic their act was! 
Big Top|2009|Comedy about a touring circus that has become dilapidated and tries to stay afloat despite having rubbish acts and clowns that are dreadful... Erasmus is a petty criminal that has been in prison and has an ongoing feud with the clown 'Geoff' and constantly tries to get rid of him, as well as trying to raise cash in any way. Boyco, the acrobat is eastern European and in love with Lizzie. 
Big Town|1950|"Big Town" was a long running and highly successful network radio series (1937- 1952) and film series ("I Cover the Underworld," "Underworld After Dark," and "Underworld Scandal") before becoming a hit television series. Shot in film-noir style, the series focused on the exploits of Steve Wilson and the staff of 'The Illustrated Press' newspaper as they reported on the important social issues of the day. 
Big Urban Myth Show|2002|Did Tom Green really go to a Bar Mitzvah dressed as Adolf Hitler (and did he lose his job at MTV because of that)? Is it true that some people hide in wheel wells to illegally immigrate to other countries? Will shaving make your hair grow faster or stronger? Which pop singer always uses a police escort when going to (perform at) a concert, Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, or Shakira (answer to the viewer poll question of the previous episode)? Did Eddie Vedder and Alec Baldwin really say they'd leave the U.S. if Bush Jr. won the election? Does it really lead to a water shortage when millions of people go to the toilet at the same time during half-time of Super Bowl? Will a microwave oven explode if you put a fork in it? Three photos are shown, one that shows a very tall woman, one that shows a shark attacking a man who climbs up a rope ladder to a helicopter, and one that shows a cat with deformed legs. Which of the three is not a fake? Is it true that a man ordered a call girl and when she arrived, it was his own daughter? Do Twinkies really last ten years or even forever? Did Keith Richards have all of his blood exchanged to get rid of his drug addiction? 
Big Wolf on Campus|1999|The week before he returns to school for his senior year, popular High School jock Tommy Dawkins is bitten and turned into a werewolf. The only person Tommy Dawkins can turn to for help is the school nerd and Goth Fantasy Guild President Merton J Dingle. Now Tommy & Merton while still looking for a cure for Tommy's condition fight a whole slew of baddies in Pleasantville including Mummies, Vampires, 50's Bullies, Witches. In the Second Season they are joined by kickboxer Lori Baxter who had just transfered from Pleasantville Catholic. What can you do when a big bad wolf has bit you and you turn into a werewolf? Who would you call for help to cure you and make you a normal human being again? Sudden twist of fate joins 2 guys with nothing in common who became best friends as time goes by. 
Big Yellow A-Hole|2012|As a former child star children worldwide knew his name, but he's left that behind. He now goes by Steve and shares what he's been doing since leaving the TV show as well as some random thoughts and opinions. He also has a run-in with someone who trusted him a bit too much. 
Big and Slim|2014|Big, a socially awkward man in his upper 40s, takes advice from his very confident best friend, Slim, on the art of picking up women. This advice takes Big down a crazy path that tests the strengths of the bond that Slim and himself have formed as friends. 
Big and Small|2008|Big decides to help Small by building him a teeny tiny itsy bitsy front door. Big is confused when Small tells him rather huffily that he likes the big door, that the big door is A-OK. Big sighs about not knowing what he's done wrong and looks through the small door with regret at apparently upsetting his friend. Uh oh. Big finds himself stuck in this narrow opening - and has to call out for help. Big realises that this is the first time he has ever asked Small for help - and that he should, of course, have asked Small if he wanted help with the front door before just going ahead. Small leaps to the occasion and, with judicious use of butter and pulleys, yanks Big free. Small admits that he knows Big only had good intentions with the door - and they decide to celebrate their friendship by going off to tickle the frogs. Big finds himself in a sticky situation when he looks through Small's new door! 
Big in a Small Town|2012|Casey Clarke hits the small towns across the country in search of Canada's next Superstar. When he finds what he's looking for, someone's life will change. Episode 1 - Casey Clarke visits BC, Alberta and Saskatchewan in search of Canada's hottest talent from Western Canada Episode 2 - Casey Clarke continues his tour of Canada in the Maritimes and Ontario to uncover small-town talent in a big way. Episode 3 - LIVE TO AIR - The 2 finalists from Episodes 1 & 2 perform for a panel of Judges LIVE in Toronto! 
Big|2012|Gil Da-ran (Lee Min-jung), a high school teacher, is engaged to a handsome doctor, Seo Yoon-jae (Gong Yoo). Kang Kyung-joon (Shin Won-ho) a troubled transferred student from USA, one of Da-ran's students, got into a car accident with Yoon-jae. Kyung-joon woke up in Yoon-jae body while his own body stayed in coma. Da-ran and Kyung-joon (in Yoon-jae's body) had to pretend to be in relationship while working out how to switched back. Gil Da-ran (Lee Min-jung), a high school teacher, is engaged to a handsome doctor, Seo Yoon-jae (Gong Yoo). Kang Kyung-joon (Shin Won-ho) a troubled student transferred from USA, one of Da-ran's students, got into a car accident with Yoon-jae. Kyung-joon woke up in Yoon-jae body while his own body stayed in coma. Da-ran and Kyung-joon (in Yoon-jae's body) had to pretend to be in relationship while working out how to switched back. 
Bigfoot Presents: Meteor and the Mighty Monster Trucks|2006|Little Tow becomes utterly enamored by an old hook of Bigfoot's that he's found in his backyard. When the little truck attaches the huge hook in place of his own and is unable to tow one of his friends out of the muck because of its size, LT learns that you can't rush growing up. 
Bigfoot TV|2008|The latest fashion, entertainment, and nightlife events that happen at or around Bigfoot Studios in Cebu, Philippines. Hosted by two young American actors, watch first hand as they explore Cebu and find out what the island has to offer - from launch parties to feature films. The latest fashion, entertainment, and nightlife events that happen at or around Bigfoot Studios in Cebu, Philippines. Hosted by two young American actors, Jude Moore and Emily Trempe, you will be able to watch first hand as they explore Cebu and find out what the island has to offer. Bigfoot TV is where you will see the latest fashion, entertainment, and nightlife events that happen at or around Bigfoot Studios in Cebu, Philippines. Hosted by two young American actors, Jude Moore and Emily Trempe, you will be able to watch first hand as they explore Cebu and find out what the island has to offer! From launch parties to feature films, Bigfoot TV will have the coverage that will keep you coming back for more. It's our goal to provide interesting and up to date news for everyone to see! 
Bigfoot and Wildboy|1977|Children's series about Wildboy, an orphan who was raised in the wilderness of the Pacific Northwest by the legendary Sasquatch. Wildboy and Bigfoot roamed the countryside stomping out pollution, capturing diabolical villains, and rescuing those in distress. 
Bigger's Better Boxing|2010|Bigger's Better series includes 9 tournaments per season and features a never-before-seen format in boxing. In the course of an evening each tournament features eight international athletes from different fighting disciplines. They compete in a unique three-round match tournament, battling it out in a simple knock-out format: quarter-finals, semi-finals, final. The actual fights are particularly intense and spectacular. The boxers look for that crucial KO to take them through to the next round without sapping their energy. There are no weight categories. As a results, the fighters from the minimum weight of 82 kg and 130 kg could be pitted against each other. The eventual winner of each tournament goes through to the season climax: Bigger's Better King. 
Biggest and Baddest 2|2014|Biologist Niall McCann travels the world to encounter some of the world's most charismatic, formidable and dangerous animals- and in so doing uncovers the background story of human-animal conflict. In Season Two, Niall helps the Gorilla Doctors heal sick or injured Mountain Gorillas in Uganda, investigates tales of giant prehistoric fish in Louisiana's bayous, collars and tracks rare tree-climbing Lions in Uganda, joins a group of gov't sanctioned snake wranglers- dealing with Florida's Python Invasion; in Africa, he visits communities terrorized by giant crocodile attacks and works with local wildlife authorities to re-locate the crocodiles far from human settlement and Niall explores Venezuela's venomous creatures and the communities that must live with them each day. 
Biggles|????|When WW2 breaks out, veteran fighter pilot Biggles must take to the skies once again and lead the charge to defend his country against a formidable war machine. Our first season of ten one-hour episodes covers the start of WW2 and ends one year in. Our hero flies across the globe, lending his expertise and heroism to the allied forces and ends in a dramatic showdown with the Japanese in China, 1941. 
Bigheads|2017|'Jason Manford' (qv) hosts the new, off-the-wall, comedy game-show in which eight members of the Great British public compete in bizarre physical challenges while wearing giant model heads of famous people ranging from William Shakespeare to Will.i.am, Queen Victoria to Taylor Swift and Winston Churchill to Donald Trump. The contestants will need to dodge the hazards, overcome obstacles and avoid tripping over each other in order to complete the challenge in front of a live arena audience. With comical commentary on the mayhem provided by 'Kriss Akabusi' (qv) and 'Jenny Powell (II)' (qv). 
Bigi and Friends|2015|Bigi is a little blue hippopotamus with a big heart. Partnering up with his trusty companions--a chimp, a cheetah, a squirrel, and a mole--they make a pretty darn good team of explorers. In Bigi and Friends, viewers tag along with their favorite hippo and his buddies as they scour an island paradise in search of adventure--and learn a thing or two about teamwork and friendship along the way. 
Bigtimekids|2012|When Mothers day rolls around and Tomasz talks about his mother Callum for some reason remembers the talking fruit named linda from when he had the brain injury and gets all toutchy and attacks his friends When Wesley, Logan and Tomasz try to make him feel better While Dylan works on a new music video for Logan and Wesley. 
Bij Sinterklaas|2006|Nickelodeon host ViviÎnne gets a visit from two Pieten in September. Astounded as she is, she gets a request: They want to know everything about the current kids in the Netherlands, to do their job better. ViviÎnne strikes a deal: They get the info, if she gets to make a real-life soap about Sinterklaas. After a lot of struggling, the two agree to the demand and ViviÎnne makes her way to Spain. She arrives at Sinterklaas' mansion nervously. She hesitates, but eventually decides to go in. She asks Sinterklaas to do the show, but he turns it down right away. However, once ViviÎnne mentions that this show could mean an advantage in his competition in popularity against Santa (the American 'bastardation' of himself), he doesn't hesitate to say 'yes'. Once one of his Pieten, Hippe Piet, finds out about the show, he convinces Sinterklaas he has to learn the ways of modern times, to be 'hip'. After some doubt, he's convinced, and gets learned by the master in 'hip' himself: Hippe Piet... 
Biker Battleground Phoenix|2014|It could be a do or die as John Shope risks it all to re-design the New Indian--a bike he barely knows. All of the builders (except Jenkins) take part in the "Bike Builders Showcase." Later, Kody and Len both shift into high gear trying to build bikes for a highly anticipated debut at the famous Daytona Bike Week. 
Biker Chicz|2011|"Biker Chicz" is a docu-reality TV series featuring the colorful, entertaining and engaging women who are members of an all-female motorcycle club known as the "East Coast Biker Chicks"(ECBC). Focusing on the positive aspects of the Harley-Davidson biker culture and set in the Boston metropolitan area, "Biker Chicz" chronicles the daily lives and activities of a group of empowered women from all walks of life: a social worker, a scientist, a stock broker, a mortgage broker, a chiropractor and others who are in many ways average everyday typical American women. The members of the club are bound together by their independence, love of motorcycles and the open road, and the camaraderie and fellowship which the ECBC provides. 
Biker Mice from Mars|1993|Limburger hatches a plan to use a toxic substance to help take Chicago's dirt but he needs Modo's bike for the plan to succeed. Modo getting dipped in said toxic substance puts a slight dent in the Biker Mice's efforts to get his bike back. 
Biker-Jens - et liv pÂ grÊnsen|2003|Documentary series in 12 parts in which Biker-Jens visits some of the most extreme places in the US. He doesn't only portray them, he also tries to get under it's skin, becoming a stuntman, a bullfighter or an exotic male dancer, always pursuing extreme life styles. 
Biker-Jens Down Under|2001|16 episodes of travel documentary. Biker-Jens continues his adventures, this time riding his Harley Davidson down the dirt roads of the enormous continent of Australia. He sets out to meet the people of The Outback, swim with the sharks on the Great Barrier Reef and try his luck with one of the many gold mines down under. 
Bikie Wars: Brothers in Arms|2012|Brothers in Arms is the story of the lead up, reasons and the repercussions of the "Milperra Massacre" where two warring Motorcycle Clubs faced off in the car park of a western Sydney pub on Fathers Day, 1984. The two clubs, the Bandidos, and the Comancheros were once under one club, only to later split, which then caused a rift that would lead to many deaths. Whilst the show is "based" on real events, there are inaccuracies that can easily be ignored and give the viewer an insight into not only the bikie (biker) culture, but also one of the worst massacres in Australian history. 
Bikini Destinations|2003|Meet Hawaiian Tropic girls intent on living it up in Acapulco. They soak up fun in the sun at the Mayan Palace Beach Club then get down to business in the sand for spectacular photo shoots. An afternoon on horseback and the crew witnesses daring cliff divers as they plummet from rocky crags into the pristine waters below. Once the sun sets, they hit local clubs to dance the night away and mingle. 
Bikinis & Boardwalks|2013|Nothing says vacation like a beach boardwalk, where millions of travelers flock to indulge in their favorite guilty pleasures every year. Specialty cameras will be mounted on everything, from surfers braving the waves to the helmets of active Army Parachute Specialists, as they rain down from over 12,000 feet above the boardwalk at the annual Atlantic City Air Show. We'll go behind the scenes and meet the world famous candy makers as they go through 10,000 pounds of taffy a day trying to satisfy tourists' insatiable sweet tooth! And just when you think you've seen it all, viewers will get an insider entrÈe to the country's last Circus Sideshow at Coney Island's Boardwalk - with never-before-given access to the sword swallowers, sorcerers, fire-eaters and more! From the sinfully delicious foods and adrenaline-pumping thrill rides, to the unexpected nearby attractions and miles of gorgeous beach - this will be an all-access pass to summer's most sizzling destinations, and the inside scoop on what makes these playgrounds the ultimate summer hotspots. 
Bilbainadas|2015|The hit comedy "Bilbainadas WebSeries" is a show about real life experiences. The show was born when Lorenzo & Txemi started sharing anecdotes about the old days in Bilbao - their hometown - and their actual life in NYC. They decided to document their every-day life, which are, as in the show, pretty much a comedy. See what they're up to each week: women, life, music....and course soccer and their hometown team: Athletic Club Bilbao. 
Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventures|1990|An animated series inspired by the popular movie of the same name. High School slackers Bill and Ted, with the help of Rufus, use the time traveling telephone booth to visit different points in our history and future. They get into various adventures and scrapes along the way, but always manage to survive by means of their unusual talents. 
Bill Bryson: Notes from a Small Island|1999|Following his enormously successful book "Notes From a Small Island", American travel writer Bill Bryson sets off on a new tour of Britain. Starting at Dover, where he recalls his first disembarkation in 1973 to a land of rain, sweet tea and disagreeable land-ladies, his travels take him from Poole in the South to the Western Isles of Scotland. Along the way he encounters such colourful characters as the pipe smokers of Solihull, ballroom dancers in Blackpool and the caber tossers of Glenfinnan. Bryson brings all his perspective eye, dry wit and outbursts of comic exasperation to this affectionate survey of the British way of life. 
Bill Cosby: An American Scandal|2017|A biography of Bill Cosby from young adult to his adult career in the spotlight, his relationships, and evidence of a decades-long propensity for his (alleged) use of drugs to get what he wants. How his success brought access to "A-list" celebrities and the places they congregate, including the Playboy Mansion. That his young wife gave an interview to Ebony Magazine revealing that the relationship wasn't all it should be and that Cosby was "temperamental." Without saying more, this documentary is well worth watching, coming on at a time when the jury for his criminal trial in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is deadlocked. 
Bill Moyers on Faith & Reason|2006|In the tradition of the landmark series Joseph Campbell and the Power of Myth, Bill Moyers on Faith & Reason, premiering features provocative conversations with unique voices drawn from the group assembled at the PEN World Voices Festival in New York: Salman Rushdie, Margaret Atwood, Mary Gordon, Richard Rodriguez, and others. During the course of seven hour-long weekly episodes, Moyers takes viewers on a rare journey deep into these writers' work and their own experience to plumb new ways of thinking about the role of religion in shaping our world. The resulting conversations provide revelatory observation on the long-running argument between believers and disbelievers, and enlightening perspective on the fear, violence and intolerance that grip our times. 
Bill Moyers on the Hudson|2002|Bill Moyers examines the history of the Hudson River. He examines the beauty and tranquility that attracted early painters of the Hudson River School. He also looks at the business potential that lured early industrialist to invest heavily in trade and shipping along the Hudson. 
Bill Moyers' Journal|1972|Bill Moyers looks at Lyndon Johnson decision to escalate troop levels in Vietnam. He examines the president's deliberation and reasoning by looking at the president's taped phone conversations with fellow leaders in the executive and legislative branches. 
Bill Nye Saves the World|2017|Explores science and its impact on politics, society and pop culture. Each episode of the series will tackle a topic from a scientific point of view, dispelling myths, and refuting anti-scientific claims that may be espoused by politicians, religious leaders or titans of industry. 
Bill Nye, the Science Guy|1993|It's "Mr. Wizard" for a different decade. 'Bill Nye' (qv) is the Science Guy, a host who's hooked on experimenting and explaining. Picking one topic per show (like the human heart or electricity), Nye gets creative with teaching kids and adults alike the nuances of science. Comedian/scientist 'Bill Nye' (qv) stars as the host of this show designed to get kids interested in the science of everyday, and some not-so- everyday, things. On a full range of subjects, including ecology, biology, chemistry and physics, Nye gives an easy-to-understand, yet informative lesson that both kids and their parents can enjoy. 
Bill and Tony|2016|Actions speak louder than words in the entirely non-verbal comedy adventure series "Bill and Tony". They are brothers from another mother with hearts of gold, but are dumber than a bag of hammers. From exploring alternate universe to wreaking havoc in minimum wage jobs, see Bill and Tony celebrate friendship and absurdity in grand slapstick style. 
Billable Hours|2006|Sam and Clark compete for the affections of Marta, an attractive Spanish cleaning staffer who is around quite a bit these days to clean up after Fagen's rottweiler (Fagen has brought 'Rusty' to the firm to be toilet-trained). Clark uses his Spanish language skills to get close to Marta, while Sam attempts to woo the 'Spanish Vacuum Goddess' with chocolate almonds being sold by the receptionist (to which the rest of the firm's female employees are becoming addicted). Robin is disturbed by a bizarre sexual dream wherein she was Sam's dog, while Stu is nearly killed by Rusty, who Fagen has placed in his charge. 
Billion Dollar Deals and How They Changed Your World|2017|In the late seventies, Henry Gadsden, the CEO of a large pharmaceutical company, told a business magazine that the industry had a problem. In treating disease, they were limiting their client base. But by reinventing illness, treating the well and making the taking of prescription drugs as everyday as chewing a stick of gum, they could medicate modern life itself. From ADHD in children to the way GPs diagnose depression in adults, we look at the deals that have transformed the way we talk about and treat mental health. But what has been their real legacy? Jacques Peretti investigates the deals struck between health professionals and pharmaceutical companies and questions whether Gadsden's dream to medicate modern life has finally been realised. 
Billion Dollar Wreck|2016|Martin Bayerle, who first located the sunken RMS Republic in 270 feet of water south of the island Nantucket in 1981, makes his second major recovery mission to the wreck. The vessel, built in 1903 and sunk when she was inadvertently rimmed broadside in poor visibility in 1909, is rumored to have on board untold millions in face-value gold coins - an amount that could exceed $1 Billion in today's currency values. Bayerle, who was once imprisoned for manslaughter after shooting and killing a man who was having an affair with his wife and attempted to extort money from Bayerle to leave, may possess better information as to where on the wreckage the gold may rest; he's assembled a group of proven salvers, including his own son, to dive, explore, and if possible recover the entombed riches. 
Billions|2016|Chuck, Connerty and Sacker must rely on an anxious insider who's willing to wear a wire. Meanwhile, Axe's numbers take a big hit, leaving him to scout ideas for a quick play with a huge payoff. Wendy rediscovers her passion for her former job at Axe Capital through an old colleague. The reality of Lara's business starts to affect her marriage. 
Billy & Billie|2015|Billie wants Billy to tell his friends at Chisel they are together. Billy is unsure of how to handle that. Picking up lunch at a diner, Billie runs into her step father. Because it is out of the way for him, she suspects something is going on. 
Billy Bob's Gags to Riches|2014|Meet Jonah White, novelty king and owner of Billy Bob World in Hardin, Illinois - a place where redneck inventors can pitch their best ideas in hopes of striking it rich. After building an empire on his own invention - fake hillbilly buck teeth - Jonah has accomplished the America dream, creating a booming business with over 300-products sold throughout the world. Now, redneck inventors from all over are coming to Billy Bob World to pitch Jonah their own outrageous ideas for a piece of the pie. 
Billy Bunter of Greyfriars School|1952|Billy Bunter's stockbroker father, knowing it's a half-holiday at Greyfriars, sends his secretary to the school to take Bunter and the Famous 5 on a countryside drive. The secretary never arrives and Mr Bunter's car is discovered abandoned. He's taken 5000 pounds from the safe! As the money belonged to a client, Mr Bunter will have to make the loss good and economize. Billy will have to swot for a scholarship in order to stay at Greyfriars. 
Billy Connolly's Route 66|2011|The Big Yin turns Easy Rider and follows a lifelong dream as he makes the iconic 2488 mile journey from Chicago to Santa Monica. With his unrivalled ability to tell a great story, he brings to life both the big and small moments of American history: the world changing events and the comic asides. 
Billy Connolly's Tracks Across America|2016|Billy travels from Chicago to Seattle on the mighty Empire Builder. He stops off to witness a true slice of Americana at the Minnesota State Fair, where giant butter sculptures, corn beauty pageants and live animal births are just some of the bamboozling entertainment on offer. He tackles a world famous 'jucy lucy' burger in Saint Paul before skirting the badlands of North Dakota to experience the highs and lows of an oil boom town. He marvels at the thousand upon thousand acres of uninterrupted prairie land before arriving at Montana's answer to Glasgow, Scotland. Glasgow, Montana is small town America in all its glory. And Montana is a land of cowboys and ranching families who have worked the terrain for generations. Billy's journey's end is in windswept Seattle - not in the glamorous tech city but Tent City, where many of Seattle's homeless live. 
Billy Mahoney|2000|Billy meets Steve in the Syracuse Airport. They coincidentally have the same connecting flight and hotel once landing in Vegas. After Billy's travel agent gives Bruce Willis his suite because he's more important than Billy, Steve offers Billy to stay in his suite. Then Mr. Vegas surfaces. 
Billy the Cat|1996|Billy was a bratty little boy who bullied and terrorized everyone around him, especially animals. One day he went too far by tormenting a magician's cat, and the magician punished him by turning him into a kitten. Now Billy has to adjust to life as a stray feline with the help of his new friends, a band of alley cats. 
Billy the Exterminator|2009|Billy and Ricky head to Charlotte, North Carolina where they find out just how vicious geese can be when you mess with their nests. Using only an umbrella for cover, Billy defends himself from a nasty aerial assault by two very angry birds. 
Billy|1992|Short-lived spinoff to "Head of the Class". Billy MacGregor, the wacky Scot who took over the IHP class after Mr. Moore left, has moved on now that Filmore High is rubble. He has decided to move to California (with his plant, Ringo). In order to avoid being deported, Billy marries a working mother with kids. There is one condition though: No romance, no sex, and no affection of any kind. Despite that, Billy's charms win her kids over. In a spin-off of "Head of the Class", Billy MacGregor, an immigrant from Scotland, moves from New York City to Berkeley, California to teach at a community college. One of his students, Mary, is a single mother of 3 who builds a basement apartment in her home to rent out in order to help pay off the mortgage. When Billy's American visa expires and Mary can't find a tenant for her apartment, the two of them make an arrangement: they get married, Billy rents out the basement apartment, and their relationship remain strictly platonic. 
Biloxi|????|Andrej Kovac was born in Biloxi but raised in Chicago and now is the Special Agent in Charge of a regional organized crime task force in the Chicago field office. Agent Kovac heads to Biloxi Mississippi in an effort to stop the Chicago mob's new boss and to keep them from also establishing a foothold in his birthplace on the Mississippi Gulf Coast. Agent Kovac with the assistance of an ex cop "fixer" Lester Collins, and a local law-enforcement task force will try to head off a looming gang war between Chicago , Miami and a slowly awaking local Dixie Mafia. 
Bima - Satria Garuda|2013|BIMA - Satria Garuda is the first Super Hero TV Series in Indonesia. Inspired by Kamen Rider Series from Japan, Bima is partly co-produced by Japanese Production Company that created the Kamen Rider Series. Ray Bramasakti is an ordinary man that forced to accept his destiny to become BIMA, a superhero that have to save the word from Alien Invasion that called themselves VUDO. Helped by a mysterious man named Mikhail, Ray must learn how to utilize the Red Power Stones that being given to him by Mikhail. 
Bimbo, Con el cariÒo de siempre|2006|This is the chronicle of the first company to industrialize prepackaged bread in Mexico. Bimbo is a complete brand name in the advertising imaginary and in the consumer market thanks to its dozens of products that have made history in our country. The program covers the reasons why it became a corporate success on an international scale. 
Bimil|2013|A devoted woman makes the ultimate sacrifice for her boyfriend, only to learn that love doesn't always conquer all. Yoo Jeong (Hwang Jeong Eum) is a sweet, upbeat person who has always stuck by her boyfriend, Ahn Do Hoon (Bae Soo Bin), all through school as he cared for a disabled father. But Do Hoon gets into a car accident that results in the death of a woman. Unable to face her boyfriend having to go to jail for a hit-and-run accident, the self-sacrificing Yoo Jeong takes the blame for the accident and serves time in prison in his place. Min Hyeok (Ji Sung), a cold-hearted heir to a business empire, had just begun to open his heart to a woman when she is killed in the hit-and-run accident. Years later, he is engaged to Shin Se Yeon (Lee Da Hee), a congressman's daughter. Can Yoo Jeong and Min Hyeok mend their wounded hearts and discover the real meaning of love? 
Binbougami ga!|2012|Ichiko Sakura was born in a wealthy family and was overflown with good fortune. She is beautiful, athletic and smart. That has made everyone around her do anything to please her. However, her perfect life is disturbed by the arrival of the god of poverty, Momiji, who has been sent in order to restore the balance of luck and misfortune to the world. And thus the battle between fortune and misfortune begins. 
BinbÙ danshi|2008|Komiyama Kazumi is a rather optimistic and cheerful, though a bit dim-witted, college student that never doubts to help his friends whenever he is asked. He will go as far as get indebted himself when they need money. Yet, his bad money management causes him to get indebted over his head and he ends up having to ask for a loan from a very peculiar money lender. But by doing so, he endangers his job offer, which he could lose if it were found out that he has so many debts. 
Bing Goo|2017|Go Man Soo (Kim Jung Hyun) is a man living in 1979 Korea during a simpler time before the 1988 Olympics brought modernization to much of the country. His simple life literally comes to a crashing halt when he is accidentally frozen in an ice mound. 
Bing|2014|Bing is getting ready to go to Sula's house but he's all sneezy and hot. Flop decides that Bing needs to stay at home and keep his germs to himself. Even though Bing is soon tucked up on the sofa with hot honey and lemon, he's very disappointed that he can't go to play with Sula. But there's a tap at the window and it's Sula and Amma, bringing a carroty bagel to wish Bing a speedy recovery. 
BingoLotto|1989|"BingoLotto" is the most famous game show in Sweden. There's several ways to win prizes or money, the most obvious one is that you get bingo. When you get bingo you automatically win a standard sum of money, but you also get the chance to call to the show to win other things. One of the most wanted prizes is a brand new Volvo. 
Binko Talk|2015|Binko launches his new late-night talk show in front of a live studio audience. From a pie eating contest, to first date horror stories, this is a segment you don't want to miss. Special interview and performance from the Chris Weaver Band. 
Binnelanders|2005|Binneland (formerly entitled Binnelanders and Binneland Sub Judice) is a South African Afrikaans-language television soap opera produced by Friedrich and Elsje Stark of Stark Films and set against the backdrop of an up-market private hospital, Binneland Clinic, in Pretoria. The stories revolve around the lives of a dedicated group of professionals at the clinic who are committed to healing the suffering of their patients. 
Binnenstebuiten|2013|Bram Heyntjens asks nurse Tim, who came collect Judith at the airport but is turned away as she brought her 'ture love' John palm from holiday on CuraÁao, an alternative career as model. Frederik promises to help the Vandeveire parents, whose empty threats have no effect on brat daughter Kato, while her sweet brother causes no problem. Els Rombouts expects everyone at her goodbye party, starting a private practice as the center can no longer afford as resident sexologist. After rudely and in vain ordering sun Seppe to return from Spanish holiday, Sara grumpily says she'll be late with an announcement before collection her own damning diagnosis and hires a patient-gardener to replant the practice grounds. 
Bint El Shahbandar: Shahbandar's Daughter|2015|In the late nineteenth century Levant, Nariman, the daughter of a tycoon, is romantically chased by brothers Ragheb and Zeid. She falls for Zeid and they get married. But he disappears suddenly, leaving no trace, and Ragheb is torn between his loyalty to his brother and his love for Nariman, while she is lost in trying to solve her husband's mysterious disappearance. 
Bio Specials|2000|Charlie Sheen: Bad Boy on the Edge takes viewers through the long career of Charlie Sheen, who seemed to teeter on the edge of oblivion after recently being fired from the hit series Two and a Half Men. Interviews with close friends, journalists, and drug rehab experts fuel the debate: is Sheen in control, off the rails or simply on the brink of a major disaster? 
Biography for Kids|1998|"Biography For Kids" is exactly what is says it is, a spin-off of A&E's successful "Biography" series presented for younger viewers. The subjects were usually more oriented to younger viewers as well. Tara Carnes was the original hostess. Originally shown on A&E, repeats are shown regularly on The Biography Channel. 
Biography|1987|First hosted by veteran actor Peter Graves, and later by Jack Perkins, this popular Arts and Entertainment Network series profiled the lives of notable figures in the history of entertainment, sports, arts, science, politics and warfare. The show is notable for its in-depth research, which often provides viewers with little-known information about well-known people. 
Bionic Six|1987|In the next century, a bionic scientist called "Dr. Scarab" is after power and immortality by bionic-nanotech engineering. He and his henchmen are stopped again and again by Dr. Sharp and his Bionic Six, a multi-cultural family of bionic people with some fantasy technology. The Bionic Six was a cartoon shown on US TV from 1987-88. The show only lasted for one season of 65 episodes. It was set in the "near" future, and consisted of a politically correct family. The father was a test pilot and gourmet cook, the mother a marine biologist, with four children. The blonde-haired daughter (Meg) was a Valley Girl, the brown-haired son (Eric) was on the high school baseball team, the African-American son (J.D.) was top of his class, and the Oriental son (Bunji) was learning karate. They and Dr. Sharp had to constantly stop Dr. Scarab, Dr. Sharp's evil brother, from taking over the world. Dr. Scarab had five terrorists he created to help him in his evil deeds. The Bionic Six were given their powers by Dr. Sharp's bionizing machine, and were clearly superior to Dr. Scarab's technology. So Dr. Scarab often used tricky plots to try to capture or kill the Bionic Six while searching for the technological fountain of youth and immortality. 
Bionic Woman|2007|After getting sloppy on her job due to her anger over Antonio's death, Jonas sends Jamie on a vacation at a retreat in Montana. Jamie brings sister Becca along. Just as she's settling in, Jonas calls Jamie to assign her to keep an eye on an assassin who has orders from him to kill a spy that's selling secrets to North Korea. When Jamie finds the assassin dead from a drug overdose, she now insists on the job which falls into her lap when that spy turns out to be the father of a boy Becca just met at the retreat. Back at Burket Group headquarters, Nathan asks Jae to teach him how to fight hand-to-hand to improve his self-esteem. 
Bir bulut olsam|2009|Mustafa is in love with his cousin Narin to the point of obsession. Narin does not love Mustafa but ends up becoming his wife against her will. Mustafa's father is mayor of the small town and used to getting his way. A young doctor working for The UN comes to the area to mark unexploded bombs that remain in the fields. One day the doctor notices Narin leading a group of children through the mine fields to get safely to school. Soon the doctor is drawn in to the toxic relationship between Mustafa and Narin, risking his own life to protect her. 
Bird Hunter's Journal|2005|Hosted by wing-shooting expert and shotgun guru Steve Smith and outdoor writer Chris Dorsey, the series will take you to some of the finest bird hunting locations and lodges around the world. Along the way, viewers will meet some of America's top dog trainers and bird hunting guides. Most notably, master trainer and breeder George Hickox will share some of the most important techniques and tips to make sure you're best friend is steady to flush and takes a good line. Smith shares his weekly tip on shooting and proper footwork placement as well. It's non-stop wingshooting action from the world's best known bird hunters. 
Bird of Prey|1982|Henry Jay is no high flyer, he's a low level civil servant, writing reports that no one reads for a large government department that barely notices he's there. But Henry has a good head for detail, and when he spots some minor irregularities while compiling a report he can't help but dig deeper. Unwittingly uncovering a far-reaching political conspiracy, Henry is soon pitting his wits against a vast and corrupt network of businessmen and politicians - Le Pouvoir - and they want him dead. This tense political thriller was broadcast in 1982 and had a sequel in 1984. 
Bird's-Eye View|1969|A celebration of the British countryside in poetry, music and aerial pictures, filmed throughout a whole year. John Betjeman chooses a selection from his favourite English and Welsh poets and combines them with verse specially written by himself. 
Birdie's Playhouse|2012|Birdie's Playhouse is the creation of Birdie Mendoza (aka Michele Moreno) who has been singing since her early days in the nest. Her debut kids CD, The Wild World of Wildlife, has won a Parent's Choice award, a Gold National Parenting Publications Award & gets regular rotation on internet radio such as Saturday Morning Cereal Bowl & Preschool Radio. She called upon many musician friends to record the album, one of whom is now the Musical Director of NBC's Saturday Night Live! See CD credits for more info. Since then, Birdie and her live backing musicians have performed at venues across southern California such as the Natural History Museum, Kidspace, The Original Farmers Market, The Grove, Manhattan Village mall, Westfield Culver, San Diego's New Children's Museum, the Original Farmers Market & dozens of kid birthdays. Birdie has also performed for these celebrities and their kids: Rivers Cuomo (Weezer), Constance Marie (George Lopez Show), Marcia Cross (Desperate Housewives) & Courtney Thorne-Smith. View a list of Past Shows as well as raves from Press & parents alike. Musicians playing alongside Birdie at live shows include Nick Reiter, Dean O'Leary, Lindsey Hundley,Chris Wabich & David Leach. 
Birdland|1994|Doctor Brian McKenzie is the chief of psychiatry at Roosevelt Hospital. He tries to be sensitive to his patients especially because of his own troubled background, i.e., he is a compulsive gambler, he is divorced and his ex-wife hates him and his children are estranged, and he has had a secret affair with Doctor Jessie Lane. Other characters in the show were Doctor Alan Bergman, the "by the book" administrator; Doctor Lewis Niles, the young resident who does not have a clue what is going on; Nurse Lucy, the efficient head nurse; and Mr. Horner the patient who ran the ward and sent psychic signals to Kathie Lee Gifford on the TV set. 
Birds Court|2015|The "Birds", a major Philadelphia football team, have had continuing issues with the antics of the unruly fans. The behavior of the "Philly fan" has became such a great problem, that in order to restore some sort of order, an in-stadium court system has been established to deal with the absurd "Philly fan" offenders. When someone is caught breaking the rules, they are hauled in front of Judge Cunningham (who would rather be at the game). 
Birds of Feather|2017|Follows some of Gotham City's most notorious and exceptionally skilled criminals, insurgents, vigilantes, and idealists, each one trying to seek their own calling in the lifestyles they have been brought up in, or have chosen for themselves. 
Birds of Paradise: The Ultimate Quest|2017|Frank is in a wheelchair and has a long held dream to see the birds of paradise in Papua New Guinea. His friend, Benedict, a well traveled adventurer, and a team of people including many local people, attempt to get him through the rugged lands to where the birds can be seen. It not only follows their physical journey but their own emotional journeys as well. This documentary has many honest, self filmed, insights into their individual thoughts about themselves and each other. 
Birds of Prey|2002|New Gotham's Undercover Superhero Batman has disappeared leaving behind a daughter from his long-time love Catwoman. Her name is Helena the mysterious superhero known as "The Huntress". She has teamed up with the paralyzed hero "Batgirl" together they meet up with their next teammate Dinah Lance. Dinah is a telepath and psychic who had terrifying dreams about Batgirl's brutal accident. They must learn how to work together and become not only a team of superheroes but also a family. 
Birds of a Feather|1989|Tracey does some decorating for Dorien's enemy Melanie Fishman, who tells her the source of their feud. Sharon meets the attractive Colin in a cinema queue and they click but he has failed to tell her that he is a policeman, a fact which comes to light when Dorien gets accused of buying stolen antiques. Sharon feels that their future is doomed though he would still like them to be friends. 
Birdsong|2012|In the trenches in 1916 Stephen Wraysford recalls how,six years earlier aged twenty,he was staying in Amiens with the Azaire family whilst studying draughtsmanship at the unsympathetic Rene Azaire's factory. Rene's hardness has brought his workers out on strike and Rene's younger wife Isabelle takes food to the starving families. Stephen is attracted to her and they begin an affair,leaving Amiens when they are found out. Back in the trenches Stephen is seen as aloof and a loner,his only friend being Captain Michael Weir,an engineer in charge of digging tunnels to plant explosives under the German lines.Michael's best worker is the popular miner Jack Firebrace and,when Stephen catches Jack asleep on sentry duty,Michael persuades him not to press for the man's court-martial. Forced to join the tunnellers Stephen is appalled by their working conditions and,after a confrontation with the Germans,he is left for dead,his body being rescued from the rows of corpses by Jack Firebrace. 
Biri bizi gˆzetliyor|2001|Most successful real life format ever on Turkish TV, four seasons between 2001 and 2003, now gone for good. A group of young Turkish lads and girls live together in a building in Istanbul and ran a taxi cab company. Every week, one is voted off. 
Birnkrant 616|2006|Typical college student Gary Fischer and friends return for a new year at USC, but there's trouble on the horizon. Gary's Residential Advisor position is under scrutiny, as Dawn becomes hellbent on winning the upcoming student election. Roger starts a maddening quest to lose his virginity and find their friend Tad. Meanwhile the bumbling WWII Nazis, bedazzled by the glorious life of sorority girls, decide to join them in another horribly misguided attempt at world domination. Since the beginning of time, man has searched for the ultimate blend of college humor and fascism. For now he will continue searching, but can make due with "Birnkrant 616"! Follow in the exciting adventures of Gary, Roger, Dawn, and Tad as they try to survive the turbulent college years, while also dealing with neighbors who happen to be bumbling WWII Nazis bent on world domination. 
Birth Secret|2013|Jung Yi Hyun (Sung Yu Ri) is gifted with a genius level IQ and has a good education. But when she happens to have retrograde amnesia, she loses ten years of her memory, from age 17 to 27. She's also unable to remember her husband Hong Kyung Doo (Yoo Joon Sang), and their genius daughter Hae Deum (Gal So Won). Confused by why she had married such an unsuited man, she'd forgotten that they'd met and fallen in love at the brink of their suicide attempts. Although her husband Hong Kyung Do is poor and uneducated, he is a good husband and a loving father. He will help her regain her memories and make sense of their life together. 
Birth of a Beauty|2014|Overweight, kind-hearted Sa Geum-ran (Ha Jae-sook) married into a well-to-do family, but her husband Lee Kang-joon (Jung Gyu-woon) has spent the past seven years in the United States for his business, and she lives with his mother and sisters who treat her badly. Geum-ran learns that Kang-joon has been having an affair with sophisticated broadcast announcer Gyo Chae-yeon (Wang Ji-hye), and he asks for a divorce. When she sees her in-laws welcoming Chae-yeon with open arms, the distraught Geum-ran threatens her husband, who follows her and causes her to drive her car off a cliff. Everyone assumes that Geum-ran committed suicide and attends her funeral, not knowing that she's still alive. To get revenge against those who've wronged and betrayed her, Geum-ran begs Han Tae-hee (Joo Sang-wook), whom she thought was the plastic surgeon of extreme-makeover television show Change, to transform her, and he reluctantly agrees because of his own ulterior motives. After weight loss and surgery, Geum-ran emerges from the full-body makeover as a stunningly beautiful woman, and she begins calling herself the new name Sara (Han Ye-seul), albeit retaining her coarse ajumma personality. With Tae-hee as her life coach, they scheme to ruin Kang-joon and Chae-yeon's upcoming wedding in three weeks. But as Sara interacts with Kang-joon in their staged run-ins, old feelings resurface, and she decides that instead of destroying him, she wants her husband back. They adjust their plan accordingly, though Tae-hee soon finds himself falling for Sara. 
Birthday House|1963|Children's Television Show (live, 5 days). With a birthday boy and/or girl and their friends as on-air guests, viewers were engaged in games, songs, stories, craft-making, informational segments, puppet plays and interviews with guest performers and personalities. 
Birthday People|2000|Birthday People was a British children's television program that ran for several years on Devon and Cornwall's regional channel Westcountry Television later Carlton Westcountry Television and then ITV1 Westcountry. The program, showcasing children's birthday cards and messages, was hosted by a pair of puppet characters called Flotsam and Jetsam. Captain Flotsam lived in a lighthouse on "Herringbone Rock" with his sidekick Jessie the Seagull. Here they would present "The Birthday Log", while having various - often surreal - adventures. They would occasionally be joined by other puppet characters - the pirates Salvador Swash and Buckle the Seadog, their cleaner - Lighthouse Lil and their resident scientist - The Eminent Professor, who would frequently be put through painful and humiliating experiments to test a silly theory or would answer emails from the viewers at home (who seemed to include a large number of students). The program was only two to three minutes long, but would often have an ongoing story or theme that would take them through the week. Broadcasting from Herringbone Rock Lighthouse in Cornwall, Captain Bernard Flotsam and Jessie, his ever unfaithful seagull presented the birthday log. In between chronicling children's birthdays throughout Devon and Cornwall, they barely survived many outrageous and obscure adventures in a world where anything can and probably will happen. 
Bishaash|2010|Bishaash is an adventurous drama which is produced by BBC in bangladesh.It is a drama serial which is broadcasted on Btv.The story is make over with some mysterious incidents & adventures.There are four characters who lead main works in this drama.Abir/Zara/Laboni & Their uncle 
BishÙjo Senshi Sailor Moon|2003|Usagi Tsukino was a normal school girl until a stuffed cat named Luna literally fell into her life. Next thing she knows, she's the Sailor Senshi known as Sailor Moon and is destined to find the Moon Princess and defeat all evil that comes in her way. But she's not alone though; Sailor Mercury, Mars, Jupiter, Venus and Tuxedo Kamen will help her throughout her battles. This is a live-action series re-telling of the Bishoujo Senshi Sailormoon manga and anime series and doesn't follow exactly to the original. (i.e: Minako actually is an idol, CROWN Gaming Center has been changed to a karaoke center, Luna is a stuffed animal.) The famous anime Sailor Moon returns, now with live actors. And tells the story of Usagi.One morning she finds out she is one of 5 guardians to the moon. She and her friends must fight the evil Dark kingdom that plans to take over the world. To become rulers of the universe. She has the power to transform into Sailor Moon, and with magic powers, she fights all the evil. With her she has a talking cat, Luna. And the love of the sercet Tuxedo Kamen. 
BishÙjo senshi SÍr‚ M˚n Crystal|2014|Spotting Chibi-Usa watching them, Usagi tries to question her about who captured Rei but is stopped by Luna. Chibi-Usa ends up running away to the park, where she is later found by Luna and Mamoru, who take her back to his place and get to know her, learning that she got the name "Small Lady" from her mother, who she wants Sailor Moon to rescue. The next day, as Mamoru tells Usagi about what she learned from Chibi-Usa, the next of the Specter Sisters, Berthier, challenges Ami to a chess match, demanding she give up Chibi-Usa should she win. Using a pendulum that can read her mind, Berthier takes advantage of Ami's fears of ending up alone. However, after receiving some encouragement from Usagi, Ami regains her confidence and wins the match. Afterwards, however, Ami is caught in Berthier's water sphere and is also captured by Rubeus. 
BishÙjo senshi SÍr‚ M˚n|1992|14-year-old crybaby Usagi Tsukino is always late, irresponsible, is boy-crazy, never serious and gluttonous. She's chosen by the talking guardian cat Luna as the leader Sailor Senshi, Sailor Moon. As Sailor Moon, Usagi must fight the evil of Queen Beryl and the Dark Kingdom and locate/protect the Moon Princess. She's joined by Ami Mizuno, Rei Hino, Makoto Kino and Minako Aino, the other four (more serious) Sailor Senshi. The senshi is occasionally rescued by the mysterious Tuxedo Kamen. Whiney 14-year-old Tsukino Usagi has forgotten about her past as a Moon Princess, and Sailor Moon in this sequel series to "Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Moon." But the dubious super-heroine is revived when two aliens attack people to steal their energy. The intimate aliens, Ail and Ann, disguise themselves as Junior High Students, and each get jealous at each other for finding interest in Mamoru and Usagi. The other senshi are revived as well, and eventually, this story is wrapped up. The next portion of Sailor Moon R deals with Chiba-Usa, a tiny girl with an uncanny resemblance to Usagi, who is trying to find the ginzuishou (Silver Moon Crystal) so she can go back into the Future Moon to protect her parents from the Black Moon Family, which is trying to seize the ginzuishou so their Black Crystal can be at full power, and open the Gate of Time, allowing them to cloud the world and future with dark power. The Sailor Senshi must protect Chiba Usa from the Black Moon family. The Dead Moon Circus headed by Zirconia and consisting of Hawk's Eye, Tiger's Eye, Fish's Eye, CereCere, PallaPalla, JunJun, VesVes and Nephrenia, is searching for Helios, the guardian of the Golden Crystal which, if in the hands of the New Moon, will turn his land, Erusion, into a land of darkness. However, the bad guys managed to lock Helios away, forcing him to take on the equinine form of Pegasus, who now lives in Chiba-Usa's dreams. To find Helios, the New Moon must attack the owner of the dream mirror Helios is hiding in, and it's up to the Sailor Senshi to stop them, in the beginning of the story. The first portion of Sailor Moon Sailor Stars finishes off the "Sailor Moon Super S" series. The second deals with villain Sailor Galaxia, who wants to find powerful star seeds in people which will enable her to reign chaos over the entire galaxy. To find them, she sends out the Anima Mates Iron Mouse, Aluminum Siren, Lead Crow and Tin Nyanko. Meanwhile, the Sailor Senshi meet three teenagers who are musical idols. Unbeknowst to them, these teenagers are actually the Sailor Stars, warriors in search of the Princess of their planet which was destroyed. This is the final series in the "Sailor Moon" trilogy. After encountering a talking cat, school girl Usagi Tsukino becomes the soldier for love and justice, Sailor Moon. Building up through 40 weekly episodes, Sailor Moon parodies the genre of Japanese Animation known as "Magical Girls." Rather than presenting us with a heroine who is a cut above the rest, we find one who is several kilometers below. However she deals with her short comings, and fights for good with her friends, Sailor Mars, Sailor Jupiter, Sailor Venus, and Sailor Mercury. 
Bisperas ng kasaysayan|1994|The story is set against a colorful backdrop of mixed emotions and reactions after Jose Rizal was exiled in Diptan, July 1892. Bisperas ng Kasaysayan focuses on time conflicts in the lives of the lead characters, the Luzurriagas at their hacienda in the north when the threat of another attempt to overthrow the ruling Spanish government becomes imminent. 
Bitange i princeze|2005|It's about the lives of five different people who happen to live near each other. Robi is a lady-killer and a sports expert but only in his own head. He often thinks he's better than everyone else and sometimes makes fun of his roommates. He is always arguing with Irena, a hot ex-model who decided she needed a more meaningful life. She is not so bright and often makes stupid statements but she is also resourceful and competitive. They live next-door with their roommates. Kazimir or so called Kazo is a nerdy video game fan who knows everything about movies and video games. He has a very bad and bossy mother and he moves away from her and becomes a roommate of Robi and Teo. Teo is a very successful lawyer. His wife kicked him out of their apartment and filed a divorce after she cheated on him. Lucija is a lost and confused hippie who loves animals. She is also a vegetarian. She is Irena's roommate and they first met in a video store where Lucija works. They all live near each other and have many funny moments, conflicts and bad times. They all live near a pub called "Bitange i Princeze" which translates to "Punks and Princesses" where they hang out all the time. 
Bitchcraft|2013|When a young girl named Gemma Black (Jahannah James) returns to live at her family home after losing her boyfriend and job, she is horrified to discover that her mother (Fay Ripley) has become a practicing witch. As Gemma struggles to get her life back on track in a neighbourhood infused with black magic, it isn't long before she realises that she may too possess the power to manipulate the dark forces for her own benefit. will Gemma follow her mother and brother into the dark or will she decide to fight back and bring sanity back to her family and neighbourhood? 
Bitchin' Kitchen|2010|Hilarious, entertaining and deliciously demented, Bitchin' Kitchen is a comedy-cooking show based on the wildly popular web series. Chef-comedienne 'Nadia G.' (qv) looks at the funny side of everyday situations and turns them into occasions worth celebrating - with food! From "Recession Recipes" and "Impressing the In-laws" to "Break-up Brunches", Nadia G. rocks the kitchen with her tasty techniques and stiletto-sharp wit. 
Bitchin' Rides|2014|A former client brings in a project that may blow the doors off the building. Kindig It spends a year restoring a rare automotive treat, a 1957 GM FUTURLINER. Kevin gets a lesson in transmissions and a rare Ferrari Evo gets a light restoration. 
Bite Me with Dr. Mike|2009|The Sabah in the Malaysian region of Borneo is the perfect home for a staggering variety of killer beasts and deadly plants. Dr Mike finds out the hard way that everything is out to get you. He meets up with the giant pitcher plant that has a large opening containing a corrosive broth. 
Bite Me|2010|As Mike continues his move over to Lauren's place, Jeff and Greg are trapped in their own house as zombie Brian rampages through the halls. They've got to think quickly and find a weapon if they're going to survive. Focusing so hard on getting Brian out of the house, Jeff is not prepared for the surprise guest about to knock at his door. 
Bites and Rec|2017|What begins as a typical day in photography camp quickly spirals out of control as the students find themselves at the beginning of the zombie apocalypse. Do they venture outside to make it to their families or remain indoors until help comes? Who knows - do you smell pizza? 
Biti covek: Ivo Andric|2015|Unique series of the 20th century history of the Balkans - through the exciting biography of the only Serbian and Yugoslav Nobel Prize winner - Ivo Andric. His life encompasses the most turbulent period in the history of Balkans and Europe: the twentieth century with its two World Wars, crashes of empires and the previous world order, the emersion of communism - Ivo Andric was an active participant of these large and bloody turmoil that has determined world history and created the world as we know it today. In his work, he described the agonizing history of the Balkans and with his life he showed how one can remain a man in times when people turn into beasts. In a documentary - narrative form, the series simultaneously follow Andric's life path and the history of the Balkans, with numerous archival footage, personal photos, animated maps, kinetic typography, animation, as well as footage of key cities of the former Yugoslavia and Europe (which determined the life and work of this great writer). One of the people talking in the series is the film director Emir Kusturica, to whom Andric has been a role model and artistic inspiration for decades. The great director has raised a city "Andriccity" ("Andricgrad") - in honour of Andric - where some segments of the series were recorded. Besides Kusturica, the director of the Nobel Committee of the Swedish Academy - Odd Zschiedrich also talks in the series, as well as eminent historians, writers and diplomats from Serbia, Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina. The documentary series follows Andric's life chronologically, while at the same time it tracks the history of Yugoslav people, Europe and the world in the nineteenth and twentieth century. 
Bitmeyen sarki|2010|Through a DNA test Kevser finds out the truth, Toprak is Feraye's biological son. This news changes Kevser's decision and she moves back with her husband and his family. However, back home she is coldly received which leads Toprak to walk away from home. 
Bitnageona Michigeona|2015|Wang So is the Prince of Goryeo who has a cursed fate. He had to get married with the Last Princess of Balhae, Shin Yool. She was born with the fate of becoming the light for another country. But because of this fate, she has to face death. Through their marriage life, Wang So and Shin Yool begin to grow closer and love each other. 
Bits and Bytes 2|1991|Years after Billy Van's original introduction to computers, he returns to introduce a new female student into the world of personal computers of that time through the same format as with the original show. 
Bits and Bytes|1983|In this series, computer neophyte, Billy Van, is guided by host, Luba Goy, to personal computers. He learns about basic principles of computers through demonstrations of various hardware and software, interviews of computer professionals and animated sequences explaining the more abstract concepts. 
Bits|2000|This TV program provides an overview on the new technologies as well as providing support to viewers on basic computer problems. The Host - David Micallef together with Andrew Micallef (GO p.l.c.) and Steve Saliba (CEO - Datax Computers), both resident guests on the program present an innovative approach to ICT. 
Bitten|2014|When she left Stonehaven - 'for good this time' - Elena Michaels thought she had left the world of supernatural behind. Until the night she got a mysterious call from her pack leader asking her to come back. So now she is heading back, away from her normal life as a photographer in Toronto and back into the world of werewolves, full of rules about protect the pack and a man she had spent years trying to forget. As if things were not bad enough, Elena also happens to be the only living female werewolf. 
Bitten: Sarah Graham Cooks Cape Town|2013|Sarah Graham Cooks Cape Town is a cooking show about building relationships with people around food. It's all about accessibility, creating unintimidating dishes for real people in real social situations, against the backdrop of the beautiful city of Cape Town. It's about everyday food and the people who make it... It's a fun, funky and real series for people who love life, love food, love their friends and family and want to squeeze the last delicious drop from their time and money. 
Bitter Party of Five|2012|Five fairly successful actors, cast in a hot new NBC TV pilot starring Roseanne Barr and John Goodman, have been waiting for word about whether their show would get picked up. The hopeful five bonded and became practically inseparable until finally, in desperation, they made one phone call. 
Bitter Waiter|2011|At Smiley's, a family-friendly restaurant somewhere in the Midwest, the staff try to make a living while dealing with bumbling management, a calculating hostess, a bipolar bartender, and a colorful assortment of customers. 
Bitworld|2010|An incredibly interactive intergalactic television show for kids (often aired Live), the members of "Area B" help Japan's adults of tomorrow to overcome any problem on earth (and beyond). Lush with the latest live 3D CGI, "Bitworld" utilizes all types of media (twitter, the functions on digital TV remote controls, the shows' own homepage, etc.) to co-create with it's viewers one of the funkiest shows on TV in Japan. 
Biz Kid$|2008|Biz Kid$ is a fun, half-hour TV series about kids, money, and business. Using a clever blend of entertainment and education, this series shows kids how to make and manage their own money by introducing concepts of financial literacy and entrepreneurship. The shows format includes a mix of real-life profiles, sketch comedy, animation, and off-beat characters, like the King of KaChing and Financial Genius, to keep the viewer engaged. Each episode maps to national standards for both financial literacy and entrepreneurship. 
Bizaardvark|2016|The series revolves around two 12-year-old best friends, Paige and Frankie, who write funny songs and create music videos for their online channel, titled Bizaardvark, which has 10,000 subscribers. The amateur musicians get to work from a creative studio space that they hope will take their videos to the next level. In their cool new environment, and with the help of family and friends, the girls will embark on a series of comedic adventures in their quest to become online stars. 
Bizarre Beauty|2015|Candid footage of Emilee on foot in the destination with guests, interior shots of venue, interviews, exterior landscapes, wildlife, cuisine, and local culture. Each episode will have portions devoted to different ingredients, treatments, and ancient cultural practices. The audience will feel rejuvenated after each episode and inspired by the hidden places on Earth and amazed by the different cultural beauty rituals 
Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern|2006|Andrew and the crew look back over six years and 100 episodes to recount favorite memories, behind-the-scenes bloopers, travel mishaps, and of course, the foods and the memorable characters that have given Bizarre Foods its unique brand of flavor. Interviews, show clips and behind the scenes footage will take us through the wild ride that began with Andrew eating a beating frog heart in Japan and highlight some of the best and worst foods he's experienced in his adventures around the world, including the one food he never got to try. We'll also explore how the series has made viewers more curious about other cultures and more willing to sample new foods, culminating with a challenge for some contest winners and a look at the most important lesson Andrew has learned in his travels. 
Bizarre Foods: Delicious Destinations|2015|Bizarre Foods - Delicious Destinations is a series that features the not-to-be-missed legendary foods that define a location. These are the unique dishes we're willing to travel halfway around the world to sample. Each episode features one locale and at least four of five iconic foods that define the location. Delicious Destinations explores how they are made and take viewers inside the kitchens, factories and farms where these foods are created. We dig into the origin of these popular foods and how they've evolved over time. And for those who like their meals well-seasoned, we dish on the sometimes special lingo associated with these foods and the surprising table manners you absolutely need to know. This is a series that is guaranteed to make you hungry! 
Bizarre Transmissions from the Bermuda Triangle|2015|Bizarre Transmissions from The Bermuda Triangle". Hosted by Funk Overlord Buddha Gonzalez, the show features wild and one-of-a-kind Music Videos from all genres mashed up with Classic Horror & Sci-Fi themes, an Artist Spotlight, Special Guests and Demented Humor.. 
Bizarre Worlds with Andrew Zimmern|2008|Andrew Zimmern explores the stunning Indonesian island of Bali, where every aspect of life is fraught with meaning and ritual. From dance to food to ceremonies, Andrew meets islanders who inject every moment with a sense of wonder and mystery. 
Bizarre|1980|A half hour sketch comedy show that is not politically correct. It showcased the talents of veteran performers John Byner (the host) and Bob Einstein as Super Dave Osbourne. 
Bizce Boyle TV|2001|Bizce Boyle TV, is a groundbreaking television program produced by the Turkish youth of Melbourne shown fortnightly on Channel 31. In a short period of time, the program has become an integral part of the Turkish community, as it is our only free-to-air television based source of communication in Australia. The program is produced on a non-profit basis, therefore any financial assistance gained is reimbursed back into the production level of the program. We have so far gathered a team of enthusiastic members, who are working tirelessly to make this program a success. The team consists of mainly University students who are striving to gain the necessary experience to further their future ambitions. 
Bizim Hikaye|2017|This is the adaptation of the famous series Shameless. Filiz a protagonist who has been struggling to survive in one of the poor neighborhoods of the city is the eldest child of the family who has looked after her five younger siblings since her mother left them and her father is addicted to alcohol. One day a mysterious young man Baris enters into her life and does his best to win the heart of Filiz and becomes a part of the family. However, Filiz believes that there is no place for love in her life considering the difficult life she's been leading and tries to ignore her feelings. The 6 siblings try to keep each other happy despite their father Fikri who devoted his life to just drinking and making money from the easy way. 
Bizim otel|2001|Cabbar of Urfa missed the chance to get educated, for there is no "Oxford" in Urfa! He is unemployed and living with Halime, his religiously wedded wife. In the end, he decides to go to Germany to work. During the first years, he sends money and letters to his family, he has two children as a result of his holiday stays in Urfa. Later, he marries Eva, whom he meets in Germany. He explains the situation to Halime, saying that he married her just to get the residence permit. He has a daughter, as the result of the "Turkish-German joint venture". They call her Gamze. Years pass. Cabbar, Eva and Gamze return to Turkey. As Halime finds out about it, planning to shoot Cabbar, she takes commando exercises with her two children. Cabbar wonders what business he could make here, seeing all the kebab and supermarkets mushrooming. Eva, sees an ad of a hotel for sale in the paper. In fact, the owner of the hotel is a sly man who is after money. His hotel is empty, often raided by the police, the owner is from top to toes in debts, he is indebted to his personnel, too. So, he makes a deal with a casting agency and shows the hotel as full, and betrays Cabbar. Cabbar and Eva is desperate, having lost all the money they saved throughout the years in Germany. The hotel personnel remains penniless, too. All together they get united to make this deserted hotel a brand new one. This follows hilarious adventures and it is the story of "The Hotel". 
Bizimkiler|1989|Sukru and his family permanently returns to Turkey from Germany with great hopes. Sukru had earned too much money in Germany that he wants to constitute a complex in Turkey. When the train stops in Istanbul, Sukru and his family were greeted with pleasure and the series of events starts. 
Biznes po-russki|2010|The plot of the show is devoted to the vagaries of doing business in Russia. The protagonist - the Father, the eternal loser in each series is taken as an embodiment of another crazy business ideas (growing watermelons, crossed with cockroaches, the export of Russian land in flower pots, a project to get rid of traffic jams in Moscow by super-trampoline, etc.). Loser-entrepreneur is not burdened with a crust MBA and generally quite shallow - in business, he is guided not by knowledge of economics and management, and "pioneering fervor," that is valid optimistic, but disorganized. His dream is got riched without doing much effort (in the images of Russian life - "to sit on the pipe" to the end of life does not work). Pope's character can be called the archetypal Ivanushka-Durachok. The plot of the show is devoted to specificity of business in Russia. The protagonist (Father) is an eternal loser. In each episode he tries to implement another crazy business idea, such as growing watermelons, crossed with cockroaches, exporting Russian land in flower pots, solving a problem of traffic jams in Moscow with help of super-trampoline, etc. 
Black Adder the Third|1987|During the Regency period, the insane King George III's stark raving mad son, George, is the Prince Regent of Wales. Vulgar and staggeringly slow-and-dim-witted, George exhausts the country's money and would surely be dead by know were it not for his dry, angry, bitter, arrogant and cynical butler, Edmund Blackadder, Esq. Blackadder is an ex-aristocrat who has lost his family fortune and been reduced to servant-hood, and full of loathing knowing he should have a better position then serving a lunatic. Sod-Off Baldrick is his dirty, smelly peasant servant, and Mrs. Miggins is an annoying cheerful coffee-shoppe owner who is too stupid to understand most of Mr. Blackadder's insults. In this series, Edmond Blackadder is the intelligent, disgruntled, and sardonic butler to the extremely stupid and vulgar Prince George, the Prince Regent of regency England. Blackadder is again assisted by the moronic grungy servant Baldrick. 
Black America Since MLK: And Still I Rise|2016|The final episode deals with Hurricane Katrina and the response to it, including how slow the federal government was to respond to a crisis with mostly African-American victims and how white police and citizens in New Orleans suburbs used guns to physically block African-American refugees from Katrina from entering their cities. It also covers the election of Barack Obama as the first African-American U.S. President and the rise of the "Black Lives Matter" movement in response to police shootings of unarmed African-Americans like Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri. Among the interviewees is Robert Day, former drug dealer and currently co-head of the Fortune Society, a group aimed at helping young Black prisoners re-enter society and find legitimate work, who talks about the continued criminalization of young Black men, who make up 50 percent of U.S. prison inmates even though they're only 6 percent of the U.S. population. 
Black Blood Brothers|2006|The captured Jiro is interrogated by the Suppression Team, suspected of being a Kowloon Child and if so, subject to immediate extermination.Meanwhile, Mimiko and Kotaro join back up with Kelly's group just before all hell breaks loose, and this time the human soldiers will be nowhere near enough to handle the job 
Black Books|2000|Bernard Black runs his own bookshop even though he doesn't much like people who buy books and hates having customers. Next door to Bernard's shop is the Nifty Gifty gift shop run by Fran, probably Bernard's only friend in the world. When Bernard's accountant goes on the run Bernard employs stress victim, Manny to help in his shop. This leads to a series of surreal adventures around the shop. Meet Bernard Black. Bernard is an anti-social, heavy drinking chain-smoker who owns a small London bookshop - an unusual vocation, given that he detests customers and delights in physically and verbally abusing them at every opportunity. His best (and only) friend in the world is his lunch time drinking partner Fran, a neurotic and boyfriend-desperate woman who owns the pretentious arts and crafts shop next to his. Bernard is cynical, abrasive and lazy, and is perfectly happy that way - but his life takes an unexpected turn when he sells 'The Little Book of Calm' to hyper-stressed accountant Manny Bianco, who against all odds ends up swallowing it. When the dust is settled, Manny will have a new job, Fran will have a new friend, and Bernard's life will be far more surreal (if that's possible). 
Black Boots|2013|Brooks University freshman Grant Boyer is fascinated with joining a certain fraternity on his campus. But will the toll of the rigorous pledging process combined with campus scandal and the uncovering of chapter secrets ultimately break his will and his determination to survive? 
Black Box|1996|Black Box deals with the one aspect of air travel that we would rather not think about, which is crashing. It is a focus on air safety, and why, ironically, it is no accident. It also describes the role of the air accident investigator, which is firstly, to deduce how the accident happened, and then to make procedural and dynamical recommendations for action based on these conclusions. 
Black Bull Entertainment Presents...|2012|It's a fact. The Black Man has perfected the way to cuss a person out. Taking a Black Temper Tablet (BTT) will make you become more confident, successful, and assertive to that asshole entitled person. Studies and Tests show the main Ingredient (Sam L-Jackline) in BTT is Effective. Taking a Black Temper Tablet is safe, easy, and effective in putting an Asshole in his place. With a trial sample of Black Temper Tablet (BTT) you can discover a new approach to regaining your vitality and strength. 
Black Bullet|2014|A near future, where humans have been defeated by the viral parasites named Gastrea. They have been exiled into a small territory and live in despair, side-by-side in terror. In this world trapped in darkness- Rentaro, a boy living near Tokyo and member of the "Civil Security"-an organization specializing in fighting against the "Gastrea" is used to accomplishing dangerous tasks. His partner is Enju, a precocious young girl. They fight thanks to their peculiar powers until one day, when they receive a special assignment from the government. This top secret mission is to prevent the destruction of Tokyo. Set in a near future, this thrilling heroic-action story starts now! In the year 2021, mankind is ravaged by the epidemic of Gastrea, a parasitic virus, and is forced to live within the Monolith walls, which are created from Varanium: a metal that is able to subdue Gastrea. Soon, children who were born with the Gastrea virus and obtained superhuman abilities as a result, are discovered and dubbed Cursed Children. Due to the Gastrea virus' intervention, the Cursed Children could only be female. Civil Securities are formed to specialize fighting against Gastrea, operating with the pair of an Initiator, who are cursed children, and a Promoter, serving to lead the cursed children. Ten years after the epidemic, Rentaro Satomi, a high school student who is also a Promoter in Tendo Civil Security Agency owned by his childhood friend Kisara Tendo, along with his Initiator, Enju Aihara, conducts missions to prevent the destruction of the Tokyo Area and the world. Rentaro Satomi, a high school student who is also a Promoter in Tendo Civil Security Agency owned by his childhood friend Kisara Tendo, along with his Initiator, Enju Aihara, conducts missions to prevent the destruction of the Tokyo Area and the world. 
Black Cat|2005|Train Heartnet is a famous assassin known as Black Cat. He works for Chronos, an organization that secretly controls the world. However, he begins to question the morality of his actions after he befriends two bounty hunters named Saya and Sven, a thief named Rinslet, and a young girl named Eve. 
Black Clover|2017|Asta and Yuno were abandoned together at the same church and have been inseparable since. As children, they promised that they would compete against each other to see who would become the next Emperor Magus. However, as they grew up, some differences between them became plain. Yuno was a genius with magic, with amazing power and control, while Asta could not use magic at all, and tried to make up for his lack by training physically. When they received their Grimoires at age 15, Yuno got a spectacular book with a four-leaf clover (most people receive a three-leaf-clover), while Asta received nothing at all. However, when Yuno was threatened, the truth about Asta's power was revealed, he received a five-leaf clover Grimoire, a "black clover". Now the two friends are heading out in the world, both seeking the same goal. 
Black Coffee|2017|Dhruv Narang, aka 'The King of Romance' is desperately in search of a muse for his new romantic novel. Fate leads him to meet Hemal Shah: a bonafide anti-romance corporate. In a twisted tale of events they're forced to work together. Will Hemal become his muse or will Dhruv be the end of her career? Watch Black Coffee to see how their relationship brews in this new-age romcom. 
Black Dad|2017|Black Dad is a documentary series about African American fatherhood in the US. The series combats myths and stereotypes about black fatherhood in the United States. The series also features fathers who want to be a father but are unable to because of legal/personal issues. Clergy, community leaders, and politicians are featured on the program. 
Black Diamond|2013|A business deal that turns a man's life in a different direction... Charles and his long time girlfriend, Karen, are doing well for themselves. While Karen is a Realtor, Charles has a family business he inherited that is doing extremely well for itself generations later...but not everything can always go according to plan in San Diego...or the people who live in it. 
Black Dynamite|2011|The Black Dynamite animated series further chronicles the exploits of the central character, Black Dynamite and his crew. Action comedy-spoof that follows ex-CIA agent and full-time ladies man, Black Dynamite, who's out to avenge the death of his brother against kung-fu masters, drug-dealing pimps and The Man. 
Black Fire: The Mini Series|2009|Approximately one year and four months have passed since the second Bain facility incident. Deckers' militia fights to bring down the Shadow Government with what few resources that they have at their disposal with Fox seen as their hero and Berman stepping up to take the place of Decker. The Shadow Government has different plans however and with the help of a crime boss they intend to inflict a major blow to public moral. It is up to Fox, Ghost, Raven and the rest of the team to stop the Shadow Government's plan before millions are killed in the name of political power. 
Black Girl in a Big Dress|2017|Adrienne (Lady Kate) wants what every Black cos-player wants - recognition for her Victorian cleverness. Instead she faces anachronistic situations, cultural misunderstandings, and unrequited courtship from a promising beau. A fair representation of the angst any modern reenacting Black woman experiences. 
Black Gold|2008|The race heats up in the oilfield. Longhorn Driller Gerald has his team in the lead but when a no-show puts the crew in jeopardy, the no-nonsense driller explodes. Wayne and the Viking crew work 'round the clock to go from dead last to neck and neck with the Longhorn. Driller Justin takes over the powerful Big Dog rig, only to find out he's up against the toughest challenge he's ever faced:? "The Well from Hell."? 
Black Harbour|1996|Katherine and Nick return to her childhood home in Nova Scotia after her mother becomes ill. Nick is a struggling screenwriter while Katherine a partner in a successful Los Angeles eatery. Nick and Katherine decide to stay in Black Harbour with their two daughters and manage to buy a major share of the family boatyard, with the idea of building upscale boats for a rich clientele. But home holds many memories for Katherine, who ran away because she was constantly in conflict with her fellow townspeople. Black Harbour is still home to her first love, Paul, who works at the boatyard, but is also married and a father. 
Black Ink Crew|2012|Ceaser and Dutchess have returned from Paris as a couple and the crew wonders what this means for the future of the shop. Puma is shocked when O'S**t reveals that he's ready to get clipped! When the guys go to see Dr. Fisch, the good doctor questions O'S**t's promiscuous ways. Quani tells Puma that she wants a career and is pissed when Puma laughs it off. Just when it seems that Sky is beginning to take Bobbe seriously, Ted swoops in for the kill. 
Black Ink Crew: Chicago|2015|Don's paternity test results send him on a downward spiral. Ryan dips his toes back in the dating pool. Van has an emotional reunion with his daughter after being separated from her for four months. Danielle's birthday celebration turns into chaos when Ashley and her friends crash the party and attack Charmaine. 
Black Journal|1969|Discussion on recent armed clashes between Chicago police and the Black Panthers with Dr. Charles Hamilton, professor of Political science, Columbia University & Masai Hewitt, minister of education, Black Panther party; a commentary of the political implications of the decade; a look at the black artist by poet Nikki Giovanni; a song performance by Roberta Flack. 
Black Lagoon|2006|Dutch sends Rock on errands around Roanapur - mainly collecting on owed bills and such - and orders Revy to accompany him. Revy gives Rock grief about his conduct, saying he's not able to hack this life and should go back to Japan. Rock finally snaps and chews Revy out about her attitude, and in return, she tries to shoot him at point-blank range. The police come in response to the ruckus being raised in the center of town, and arrest both of them - though it will be only symbolic, as the police are corrupt and in league with all the syndicates anyway. In the police car, Rock and Revy, now calmed down, come to an understanding about one another. 
Black Lagoon: Roberta's Blood Trail|2010|When the head of the Lovelace family is assassinated by soldiers from the U.S military, the maid of the family, Roberta - declares war on the U.S government and goes on a hunt for revenge. The heir and son of the murdered head of the Lovelace family, Garcia, goes after Roberta in a desperate effort to try and stop her. He hires the Lagoon Company for help. 
Black Lightning|2018|Jefferson Pierce has made his choice. He hung up the suit and his secret identity years ago, but with a daughter hell-bent on justice and a star student being recruited by a local gang, he'll be pulled back into the fight as the wanted vigilante and DC legend: Black Lightning. Jefferson Pierce is a man wrestling with a secret. As the father of two daughters and principal of a charter high school that also serves as a safe haven for young people in a New Orleans neighborhood overrun by gang violence, he is a hero to his community. Nine years ago, Pierce was a hero of a different sort. Gifted with the superhuman power to harness and control electricity, he used those powers to keep his hometown streets safe as the masked vigilante Black Lightning. However, after too many nights with his life on the line, and seeing the effects of the damage and loss that his alter ego was inflicting on his family, he left his Super Hero days behind and settled into being a principal and a dad. Choosing to help his city without using his superpowers, he watched his daughters Anissa and Jennifer grow into strong young women, even though his marriage to their mother, Lynn, suffered. Almost a decade later, Pierce's crime-fighting days are long behind him...or so he thought. But with crime and corruption spreading like wildfire, and those he cares about in the crosshairs of the menacing local gang The One Hundred, Black Lightning returns - to save not only his family, but also the soul of his community. 
Black Magic|????|A dark event eternally links a group of four witches together - turning their lives upside down and forcing them to accept their abilities and responsibilities. When war inevitably comes, what will win in the battle between love, sex, magic and life? 
Black Man Depressed|2014|Amber decides to hold a masquerade party at her house, which is music to Simeon's ears until he discovers Dick and Becky were invited. Meanwhile, after a series of strange happenings, Eric thinks he may be gay. Later, everyone shows up to the masquerade party and some interesting turn of events take place. 
Black Mirror|2011|Martha is devastated when her partner Ash is killed in a road accident on the day they planned to move to a country cottage. At Ash's funeral, Martha's friend Sarah tells her of a new service which allows people to communicate with their deceased loved ones by using all their online communications and contributions. Martha is appalled, and decides to stay in the cottage despite her sister's view she is isolating herself. One day Martha gets a message from Ash, and she realises Sarah has signed her up for the service. Initially, Martha's displeased but, on finding she's pregnant, relents and relishes their conversations. With her comfort-level growing talking with the synthetic Ash, it isn't long before 'he' tells Martha about a 'next level' of communicating - one which is...experimental. The youths Martha and Ash are deeply in love with each other and move in together to a house in the countryside. On the next morning, Ash drives the van they hired for the relocation back to the rental, but he has an accident and dies. During the funeral, Martha's friend Sarah tells her about a service to help grieving people to recover, creating a virtual Ash to communicate with her from the information available in social networks and Internet. Martha cries to Sarah and does not accept the idea. However, Sarah subscribes Martha to the service and she receives and e-mail from Ash and has an argument with Sarah. A few days later, Martha learns that she is pregnant and she does not succeed in contacting her sister Naomi. She responds Ash's e-mail and they start a relationship through e-mail first and through cell phone later. One day, Ash offers an experimental and expensive service to Martha and she receives a synthetic body identical to Ash. When Martha activates the clone, she finds an identical Ash and they have sex. Will she replace Ash by the clone? 
Black Net|2017|Anthology television series that addresses the dangers and unexpected consequences of new technologies. Blacknet presents disturbing stories of suspense, with dramas revolving around the invasion of privacy and obscure crimes related to the internet. 
Black Ops|2012|It's time to re-enter the dangerous and secretive world of elite covert special ops forces in this brand new and UK exclusive second series of Black Ops.Black Ops reveals the highly-trained units that are designed to carry out high-risk military operations to terminate the world's most wanted men, eliminate terrorists, and ultimately protect innocent people's lives.These operations are hazardous and when they go wrong result it can result in mass casualties and profound political consequences.In this second series there's a whole new batch of stories from the frontline of the secret wars where the operations are fought behind enemy lines and the stakes are high. 
Black Panther|2010|Ulysses Klaw recruits a team of villains to take over Wakanda and kill Black Panther; T'Challa spars with Shuri, who is jealous of his new title; Klaw tells the story of a colonial ancestor who tried to conquer Wakanda; T'Challa deals with local issues in Wakanda and expresses his desire to find his father's killer. 
Black Pieces|2016|In 2051, World War 3 Begins, initiated by Terrorist Tzu Tibet and his regime who begin the threats on America in 2016. Agent Caleb Mark (John Dixon) and Central Intelligence officials dispatch forces to stop Tzu, but they soon realize that their efforts are futile. If only they can go back in time to change Tzu's heart. Tzu is more than what he seems and is connected to a secret world that jeopardizes all of us. Curbing Tzu's reign causes Caleb Mark to time travel to times where his partners are unusual sources. The Main Source, 17 year old Theophilus William (T Rep), Americans Chess Champion, is compelled to use his skills to defend America in secret war games that he isn't aware of. He does this while overcoming the surging pressures and trials of life and they require Theophilus to rely on the wisdom found in his great-great-grandfather's (Kal Cauthens) journal and the love from his family and high school crush (Micah Hudgins). 
Black Poker Stars Invitational|2008|The top twelve names in the black entertainment industry go head-to-head in a no limit, $50,000.00 prize pool, Texas Hold 'Em Poker tournament where proceeds benefit the charity of their choice. Hailing from the movie, TV, music and sports industries, journey with these movers and shakers as they show the audience what it really mans to "act a fool" but keep a chill poker face in the weekend-long face off. The Prize money of the final tables goes to the winner's charity of choice. Unlike other poker tournaments there is no poker bracelet for the winner, but the sponsors (A luxurious watch seller and a poker jewelry store) added some "bling" of their own. 
Black Saddle|1959|George Baker, a rancher who is a respected pillar of the community, turns out to have been a wanted man before he settled down in Latigo, as the town discovers when a bounty hunter shoots him for the reward. Marshal Scott arrests him, but George's wife, wanting revenge, sends for George's brother, a vicious outlaw who heads a gang of killers. Gib tries to raise a posse to defend the bounty hunter from the approaching gang, but no one in town wants to risk his life for the man who killed their friend. 
Black Sails|2014|A prequel to the (fictional) events of Robert Louis Stevenson's "Treasure Island". The series centres on a group of pirates operating out of Nassau in the Bahamas. We meet characters from history - Captain Charles Vane, Governor Woodes Rogers, Jack Rackham and Anne Bonny - plus characters from fiction - Captain Flint and, of course, Long John Silver. 
Black Sand|2012|After returning from a prospecting voyage to the mountains, Elliott is betrayed and left for dead by his former boss, who then makes off for his claim. It is up to him to survive the desert, save his wife from outlaws, and claim his fortune. 
Black Scorpion|2001|The City of Angels is falling apart, and crime pervades the city to the core. The mayor is corrupt, the police are inept, the city needs a figure to take control of the situation. Then in the light of day Darcy Walker is a cop, but in the dark of night she becomes the Black Scorpion. She does with a mash what she can't do with a badge. This is vigilante justice, old school style. 
Black Sheep 214|????|Only one man flew with both the Flying Tigers and the Black Sheep, the two most famous American aviation units of World War II. That man was Greg Boyington, a hard-drinking, debt-ridden Marine Corps fighter pilot who joined the Flying Tigers to save his sullied reputation - and later led the Black Sheep on his way to earning a Medal of Honor. 
Black Spider-Man|2014|It's the match up of the century. Man versus woman. Spider vs Sexy She Spider. Black against Black. This time the assassin from the future is the beautiful Black Spider-Woman. She's out to kill in this epic battle. Meanwhile the Punisher and Wolverine are fighting over who gets to have sex with Black Spider-Man! Who ever wins, loses. 
Black Thunder & Punjabi|2012|For season 1, the duo set sail on the Coral Sea and travel to New Caledonia and Vanuatu. A 7-day adventure cut off from the outside world. From night clubs, 2am pizza in bed and 1,500km from port, the two develop a bad case of cabin fever and being broke on foreign land 
Black Tie Nights|2004|Two friends Cooper Snow and Olivia Hartley start a dating service called Black Tie Nights. After two years, Olivia is still mourning the death of her husband. The man crazy writer, Cooper is determined to get her through it. Needing a little help in the office, they hire Ryan Lundy a former disgruntled client. The trio end up creating a vibrant business. In season two, Olivia and Cooper hand the business completely over to Ryan and move to Europe. Over-run with calls, Ryan enlists the help of former client Candi Hicks. The two continue to run the dating service. As the business thrives, Ryan and Candi get closer. 
Black Widows|2016|Three women, a Dane, a Norwegian and a Swede, are suffering in their marriages to cruel or abusive husbands. Together, the three couples take a trip to the cabin belonging to one of the couples, and as the men, who are also business colleagues, depart the dock for a fishing trip, their boat explodes as their wives look on. A detective assigned to the case follows the women back home, where the three now merrier widows make a stunning discovery. Meanwhile, another colleague of the victims menaces the wives. 
Black Women Don't Deserve to Be Loved|2012|A recent investigation by Yale University (2010) stated among other facts that 42% of black women in the United States had never been married compared to their Caucasian counterparts at 23%. This shocking investigation has caught the attention of media powerhouses such as ABC's Nightline, Focus Features Studios, and MSNBC. Although the statistic has been quoted through various outlets, the story of these women and the men that love them had never been addressed; it had yet to be told. It was then that I began to interview these women and the men that had once loved these black women. What were their stories? The various interviews I was able to tell the depictions, so that other black women can relate and see. The stories provided in both the novel and subsequent web-series, "Black Women Don't Deserve to be Loved", can help create dialogue between our black women, men and families. If this book can make us take a hard look at ourselves, our friends, our family members, co-workers and allow us to reflect on the issues we have faced in our relationships, than it has completed its mission. It is my hope that by speaking out and letting our sisters know that you are not alone, we can begin to heal and once and for all end the misconception perpetuated that Black Women Don't Deserve to be Loved. 
Black Work|2015|Leeds police constable Jo Gillespie is devastated when her husband, undercover officer Ryan, is killed in suspicious circumstances. As she battles to stay strong for the benefit of daughter Melly and stepson Hal, Jo is urged by her bosses, DCI Will Hepburn and Chief Constable Carolyn Jarecki, to leave it to her fellow officers to find the killer. But when the murder inquiry starts to uncover some dangerous secrets about Ryan, Jo's faith in the police family of which she has been a part for so long is severely tested. No longer sure who to trust, Jo embarks on her own investigation with the help of friend and colleague Jack Clark, but as they close in on the identity of Ryan's killer, Jo's hunt for the truth will put her own life in danger. 
Black and Single|2012|Black & Single is a web-series that follows the lives of Oni and Jesse. Two young, single and black professionals that work in the same office building and are seemingly perfect for each other. There is one problem. They never meet. They intersect each others lives at hilarious and various moments while searching for love when true love passes them by everyday unwittingly. Will they ever meet? Only time will tell. 
Black and White Love|2017|Ferhat a cold-blooded, emotionless and cruel man who is a shooter for his uncle and has a wounded past.Asli, is a naive female doctor who wishes to serve humanity. An unforgettable love will be experienced with these two contrasting characters. Black and white as opposed to the love of the opposite characters will encounter a full of adventure. 
Black and White Overnight|2001|Fans of classic game shows, which aired in the 1950s and early 1960s, could enjoy their favorites again with Game Show Network's "Black and White Overnight." Each night, three classic shows -- always from the Goodson-Todman library -- aired during the two-hour programming block. Most frequently seen were reruns of _"Beat the Clock" (1950)_ (qv), "I've Got a Secret" (1952)_, _"Password" (1961)_ (qv), _"To Tell the Truth" (1956)_ (qv), _"What's My Line?" (1950)_ (qv); some episodes of shows had not been seen since their original broadcasts (partly because of cigarette advertising, which has since been banned). Other shows which aired during the block included (but not limited to): _"Judge for Yourself" (1953)_ (qv), _"Make the Connection" (1955)_ (qv), _"Name's the Same, The" (1951)_, _"Number Please" (1961)_ (qv) and _"Two for the Money" (1952)_ (qv). 
Black and White|2012|Peter Black (Anthony Bergeron) is an up-tight young man. So when his roommate up and leaves for "Scotland" without explanation, he leaves Jamaal White as a temporary replacement. Jamaal is loud, obnoxious and flamboyant. So it isn't long before Peter and Jamaal's drastic differences begin to surface. Will these two opposites find middle ground and ever find a way to live together peacefully? 
Black|2013|In a dystopian near future, a corporate heist goes wrong and the team members struggle to survive a desperate escape through the apocalyptic sprawl with their stolen prize, a weapon of unspeakable power. As they navigate the the urban wasteland, they must contend with barbaric gangs, corporate death squads and the terrifying truth about the weapon they have stolen. 
Black-Adder II|1986|Sixty years after the demise of Prince Edmund Plantagenet, Queen Elizabeth I, who's as insane as her ancestors, is England's current leader. Seductive, easy-to-impress, spoiled, and always seeking a husband, "Queenie" has a leading courtier: Lord Edmund Blackaddder, great-grandson of the original. Now, however, he is dryly cynical and intelligent, but still trying to become king; this time by marrying the queen. However, her right-hand-man, Lord Melchett, will always serve as fair competition for her hand. Blackadder is again assisted by the clueless but fashionable Lord Percy Percy and dung-eating, "cunning" peasant Baldrick. In this series, Edmund Blackadder is a leading courtier at the court of a ditsy Queen Elizabeth I. This suave and clever Edmund is again assisted by his now moronic but still grungy servant Baldrick and a moronic Lord Percy. His chief rival is the fawning Lord Melchert. 
Black-ish|2014|The Johnsons get together to play Monopoly during family game night and the competition is intense. As the night progresses, alliances are formed and some family members are pushed to their limits. Meanwhile, Bow makes it clear how she feels about Junior's girlfriend, Megan. 
Black. White.|2006|The Wurgels (Bruno, Carmen, and daughter Rose) are a white, liberal family from Santa Monica, California; and the Sparks (Brian, Renee, and son Nick) are a middle-class black family from Georgia. Both families get to know each other before they are made up as the opposite race for the first time. 
Blackadder Goes Forth|1989|It is 1917, and lunatic General Sir Anthony Cecil Hogmanay Melchett is leading the British troops at the front lines against the Germans, while everyone waits for Field Marshall Haig's big push. There are various emotions throughout the camp about it. For Captain Kevin Darling, Melchett's bull-dog-like right-hand man, it makes no difference, as it appears he will be safe and sound with the general when the big push occurs. For Lieutenant George Colhurst Saint Barleigh, he is overly excited at thrashing the Germans. For Private S. (probably for Sod-Off) Baldrick, it's a terrifying experience he is not looking forward to. For Captain Edmund Blackadder, however, it's something he's too cowardly too face. Self-centered, arrogant, and sarcastic, Blackadder is always constantly searching for a way out of this silly war, and will try various, often crazy, variations on escape, all of which will take a turn he never expected. Sharing a dugout with George and Baldrick, his main obstacle for escape is Darling, who will ensure everyone is present for the big push. In this series, Captain Edmond Blackadder is an intelligent, self-centered officer in the trenches of World War I, whose aim is to survive til the war is over. He is assisted by the eager but stupid Lt. George Colthurst and the moronic, grungy Private Baldrick. Blackadder's commander is the insane General Melchert, who is assisted by Blackadder's rival Captain Darling. 
Blackademics Television|2013|A Black Feminist Professor on Beyonce, Black Feminism and Empowerment; An activist educator calls for us to use our intelligence as a form of service to community; the importance of music and the arts as tools for education and empowerment. 
Blackbeard|2006|In the Golden Age of Piracy, at the dawn of the 18th century, Blackbeard stood out among the lawless rogues as the most fearsome and notorious seafarer of them all. He killed for the reputation, and his reputation has become legend. Now, for the first time, comes the true story of pirate Edward Teach, the man who terrorized the seas. 
Blackbookberry|2008|Blackbookberry is a St. Louis-based web comedy series that highlights the absurdity of modern day office life. We feature the people you love to hate in your own office! Everyone knows there's one in every office, and if you don't know who it is then this comedy isn't just FOR you, it's ABOUT you! 
Blackcatloner Reviews|2013|Blackcatloner reviews a movie that he considers to be one of the greatest revenge movies of all time: Falling Down. He believes that this movie is so good that you would forget that the movie was directed by the same man who gave us the Bat Credit Card, Joel Schumacher. In fact, he also goes as far as to talk about how the themes depicted in that movie are similar to today's world and that the movie would play better if released today. 
Blackcatloner|2008|It's Super Bowl time again and you know what that means, right? It's time for Blackcatloner to offer his thoughts on Super Bowl 50 between the Denver Broncos and the Carolina Panthers. Overall, he felt that the game and the commercials this year were a big improvement over the previous Super Bowl. But at the same time, he was bored with the very controversial Halftime Show. 
Blacke's Magic|1986|Alexander Blacke is a retired magician who comes out of retirement, at the behest of his con-man/gambler father, Leonard, to perform on stage and solve mysteries in this series that mixes the magical antics of "The Magician," the con-game schemes of "The Sting," "Switch," and "Tenspeed and Brown Shoe", and the intricate mysteries of "Columbo" and "Murder She Wrote." Alexander Blacke is a well-renowned magician who after having a near death experience decides to retire but unfortunately retirement doesn't agree with him. So he decides to visit his daughter and father and attend a magician's convention. There a friend of his attempts a stunt wherein he is submerged in a casket underwater. And when he is brought up, he is dead and not from lack of oxygen, but shot. So, Alex helps the police figure out how and why this was done. 
Blackeyes|1989|Blackeyes is an attempt to explore "what does go on between men and women in their heads, to show the possibilities of the ways that they see each other." Complex and multi-layered, the interweaving narrative threads include novelist Maurice James Kingsley who appropriates accounts by his niece Jessica about her life as a professional model. Kingsley's embellishments become a trashy bestseller, "Sugar Bush," tracing the rise and decline of fictional fashion model Blackeyes, victimized by men. Angry and betrayed, Jessica begins to rewrite Kingsley's novel to set Blackeyes free from the abuse of men. 
Blackmail|1965|Charles and Millie Raynor are a feckless couple who both have lovers who pay them for sex.Their daughter Mary goes to the police to tell them she needs "care and protection" in an attempt to get the love and attention she craves from her parents. 
Blackout - Die Erinnerung ist tˆdlich|2006|Paul Novak, korrupter Berliner Drogenfahnder, will dem Sumpf aus Drogen und Prostitution den R¸cken kehren. Noch bevor er seinem Chef belastendes Beweismaterial zeigen kann, erreicht ihn ein Hilferuf seiner Ehefrau. Als er die schwer verletzte Lilli in die Klinik bringen will, geschieht ein Unfall. Erst ein halbes Jahr sp‰ter wird Paul mit Amnesie aus dem Krankenhaus entlassen. Mit Hilfe eines Notizbuches versucht er seine Vergangenheit zu rekonstruieren. 
Blackout|1988|Running for only four months, this short-lived game show paired regular contestants with celebrity guests in a test of head-to-head wits and communication skills. One of the celebrity guests would describe one of several words that had been cut from a mystery sentence, taking twenty seconds to give his description. The guest's partner, who had been in isolation, would be allwoed to hear the description, but the opposing contestant was allowed to 'censor' up to seven seconds of it. If the contestant still managed to guess the correct word, he would then have a chance at solving the entire puzzle. If not, the opponent would be allowed to guess the word, having heard the entire 20-second description. Play passed back and forth in this manner until the entire sentence had been solved. 
Blackpool|2004|It's a big day for Ripley Holden as he opens his new amusement center in Blackpool. Holden is a drinker and a philanderer who sold his other businesses to open on the promenade. He has grand plans as well, hoping to eventually open a full-fledged hotel-casino. On re-opening the next day, he finds a body lying on the floor in the middle of the place. The dead man also happens to be someone Holden had an altercation with in a club the night before; he denies to the police however that he knew or had even seen the man. DI Peter Carlisle is assigned to the case and Holden's attempts at bullying him - including a complaint to Holden's pal the DCI - have little impact. The autopsy reveals that the man had been dead for some hours and his body moved to the arcade after his death but Carlisle insists that the just opened arcade remain closed. 
Blackstar|1981|Astronaut John Blackstar's shuttle passes through a black hole and crashes on the planet Sagar. He is rescued by the gentle Trobbits, who live under the tyranny of the Overlord, possessor of one half of an all-powerful sword. Armed with the other half, Blackstar aids the resistance with his dragon Warlock; the shapeshifter Klone; and the sorceress Mara. John Blackstar is an astronaut who finds himself marooned on the alien planet Sagar, when his space shuttle is sucked into a black hole, enters a distant universe and crash landed on Sagar. Rescued by the Trobbits, peace-loving elf like people, Blackstar decides to join the resistance who are fighting against the evil Overlord, who rules the planet with his magic sword the Powerstar. With the Powerstar split in half, Blackstar takes the half called the Starsword, whilst the Overlord had the other half called the Powersword. Blackstar and the Overlord engage in battle, as Blackstar, his dragon Warlock, and the resistance set out to put an end to the Overlord's tyranny on Sagar. 
Blackstone|2009|Blackstone is an authentic drama that explores the raw and real dynamics of family, power and politics on and off a First Nation reserve. Blackstone is both a portrayal of a community plagued by corruption, violence and injustice and an inspiring story of the undying hope and resilience of people fighting for a better life in the midst of adversity. 
Blade Brothers|2013|Discovery Channel's BLADE BROTHERS introduces viewers to Todd Begg - a knife-making legend with twenty years of experience turning slabs of steel into five-figure collectibles. Begg's clients, ranging from the eccentric billionaire to the novice collector, all seek out his talents for one-of-a-kind blades that combine art and function. As demand for Todd's skills lead to a six-year backlog of orders, Todd recruits his brothers to help run the business. The only problem is they know nothing about the making of knives. BLADE BROTHERS will consist of two 30-minute episodes premiering back-to-back on Friday, April 19 at 10PM ET/PT. 
Blade of Honor|2017|Deep in the inevitable future of the human race, the Alliance of human planets has created a galactic rule protected by a vast armada of space faring craft and their valiant crews. The best star fighter pilot in the fleet is one, ARINA KARTADES (mid 30s, Caucasian). Following her exploits, we find ourselves on the most exotic and fantastic worlds of the human and local alien ALLIANCE. Arina finds herself on the bleeding edge of the front lines of a decades-old conflict between the Alliance and the hell-bent-for-destruction animal race called the CALINAR. Following a harrowing ejection from her Star Blade fighter and capture and unprecedented release by Calinar forces, her once bitter enemies seem far more friends than foes. She secretly attempts to build political bridges to the Calinar without the knowledge of the power-hungry Alliance Fleet Command or Arina's Commander ranked FiancÈe TERRY LINDON (late 30s). However, Arina is deeply torn, because, although she desires peace, she is constantly thrust into battles that force her to destroy the Calinar. Moreover, a devout believer in one of the Alliance sanctioned religious beliefs; the Deridian sect, she discovers the disgusting truth about the galactic control that has been quietly placed in the hearts and minds of not only the Alliance population, but also the Calinar. Intrigue rises to greater intrigue as she and her close band of crack pilots discover that the Alliance and the Calinar are actually allies in a horrifyingly perfect plan to enslave both races under the iron thumb of totalitarian governmental power. She and her friends must form a para-Alliance resistance that threatens to tear apart the very values that established the unification of the human race. Chased across the galaxy as outlaws, Arina gathers a larger following from both human and Calinar freedom fighters. When her only option is to create civil unrest, the cataclysmic war machine of both races plot to erase the existence and memory of Arina and her followers. On the brink of her destruction, however, Arina discovers that the answer to war and genocide is found in your enemy. Once Arina's startling discovery is brought to Alliance Command, the civil war changes players and pits the military against the seedy and underestimated religious sects. The Alliance and Calinar cast and characters find themselves constantly positioning themselves to stay alive, fight for their race and keep their principles from being shredded upon the blade of honor. When a religious, headstrong, crack Alliance Navy Star Blade pilot ARINA KARTADES discovers that her State mandated religious upbringing was a lie, she embarks on a forced quest to discover the true reasons behind the war with the animal Calinar race which has nearly exterminated humanity, but when her discoveries place her in harm's way against her religious beliefs, her military vows, her murderous rage episodes and her fiancÈe who is her CAG aboard the Alliance Carrier Hermes, she fights a cloak and dagger war of secret rebellion in order to expose the galactic elite, route the heresy of the peoples' religious masters and protect the ones she loves from the clutches of her own superiors and the combined military might of the Alliance and Calinar. 
Blade|2011|Erik Brooks was half-man, half-vampire after his mother Carol was attacked by a vampire named Deacon Frost. He sought assistance from Noah Van Helsing and over time, vampires worldwide fear him as the "Daywalker" or "Blade". He investigates a vampire organization in Asia called "Existence" starting from Japan all the way to Southeast Asia. The show was part of Marvel's "Marvel Anime" project, a set of four anime shows set in Southeast Asia and based on Marvel properties, including X-Men, Wolverine and Ironman. 
Blade: The Series|2006|In Moscow, Blade chases a vampire and discovers that Marcus Van Sciver is in Detroit. Meanwhile in Detroit, the military Krista Starr returns home seeking out her twin brother Zack Starr. When the family is informed that Zack was found dead, Krista identifies the corpse and asks information to the corrupt detective Det. Brian Boone that is associated to Marcus Van Sciver, supplying prostitutes to feed his vampires. Krista meets Blade and works together with him trying to catch Marcus. However, she exposes herself trying to kill Marcus, and is abducted by the evil vampire. 
Blaine & Shirley|2015|Blaine is a self absorbed, anti-social, awkward, OCD, individual who thinks the world revolves around him. He is doing his new reality show "It's All About Me" and NO ONE is allowed to be seen but him. The way Blaine thought this would go, it doesn't. Follow this Comedic Web Series to see the troubles Blaine faces in his selfish reality show debut which is similar to the HBO sitcom "The Comeback" with Lisa Kudrow." 
Blais Off|2010|Chef Richard Blais of Top Chef and Iron Chef America is renowned for his passionate and unique approach to creating delicious dishes. For Chef Blais, science and technology are employed to uncover better food preparation methods and amazing flavors. Now this charismatic culinary modernist is deconstructing iconic American dishes and reengineering his own versions. Chef Blais meets and observes the chefs creating the ultimate American meals, shares a meal with their loyal patrons, and delves into what it is that makes their offerings so irresistible, while uncovering the science behind why these foods taste so good. After visiting, Chef Blais returns to his food laboratory to create a new version of the iconic dish. Explaining the scientific method to his madness along the way, Chef Blais attempts to scientifically engineer a new-and-improved version of the meal he tasted in the restaurant. Armed with his reengineered version, Chef Blais returns to the legendary eating establishment where he'll put his new creation to the test- having the restaurant's loyal patrons sample and rate his dish versus the eatery's classic favorite. 
Blake's 7|1978|In the third century of the second calendar, a corrupt galactic federation, with Earth at its center, drugs its billions of citizens into placid submission. A rebel named Roj Blake, who once tried to organize a resistance group to overthrow this regime, was caught and divested of his memories. But Blake's revolutionary spirit is revived when he witnesses a mass slaughter by police that is covered up by the federation officials. He escapes exile on board a prison spaceship and, together with a lovable band of outlaws, takes over a vacant alien space cruiser of awesome drive capability. Naming their new ship as "The Liberator", Blake and his group travel the Milky Way to seek any opportunity to undermine the evil federation. Roj Blake is a former rebel leader who once led a resistance group against the evil intergalactic government the Federation, The Federation has drugged the air, water and food to control it's citizens. But Blake was captured and was brainwashed and his memories were erased. After learning the truth about himself from outlawed protesters. Blake is apprehended, when the protesters are slaughtered by Federation Guards. The Federation frames Blake for a series of crimes he didn't do and Blake is sentenced to exile on the Federation prison planet Cygnus Alpha. But as Blake and a group of convicts are being transported to Cygnus Alpha, a abandoned alien spaceship pulls up alongside the prison ship, allowing Blake to escape. Renaming the alien spaceship "The Liberator" and joined by escaped convicts. Blake and the crew of "The Liberator" travels across Outer Space as they set out to overthrow the Federation and liberate the Federation controlled worlds. 
Blanche|1993|Blanche, daughter of Emilie Bordeleau, leaves her small French-Canadian town and large family to go and live with her married sister and study medicine in Montreal, Canada. As it is the early 1930's, women are not allowed to become doctors and practice medicine. Blanche completes her nursing studies, then accepts a position in the far off Abitibi region in northern Quebec where a lack of doctors allows her the freedom to treat patients as any real doctor would. Here she goes through the heart ache of dealing with the stubborn attitudes of the chauvinistic pioneers. She comes head to head with a crooked logging boss and falls in love. 
Blanco Boys|2010|This brash comedy follows the exploits of three Latino brothers who acquire their dad's Bounty Hunting Agency once he mysteriously goes missing. Even though they don't quite have all the knowledge concerning the Bounty Hunting business, they are nevertheless inexplicably effective. Through the many outlandish obstacles these brothers have to overcome, this series tackles what it's really like to be a family...literally. 
Blandings|2013|Blandings Castle is dysfunction junction, the home of a chaotic family struggling to keep itself in order. Clarence Threepwood, Ninth Earl of Emsworth and master of Blandings Castle, yearns with all his soul to be left in peace; preferably in the company of his beloved pig, The Empress. But he never is. There is always someone who wants him to do something. Presiding over the blitzkrieg on his equilibrium is the baleful figure of his sister Connie, with whom he shares the house; at her shoulder is Clarence's brainless younger son Freddie and a panoply of friends, enemies, servants, spongers, private detectives, bookies and confidence tricksters 
Blank Canvas|2009|On Blank Canvas, we meet extraordinary artists and share in their stories of passion and dedication. What drove them to their art? How did it feel the first time they picked up that brush and filled up a blank canvas? Sometimes it is a form of personal expression, and other times, it is a way to preserve one's heritage. A few rare artists even use their art forms to build bridges and foster dialogue, bringing people together. We also delve into the life of the artist, his fears and passions and ultimately how he uses his art form to make sense of the world and strengthen his connection to the divine. 
Blank Surfaces|2000|Blank Surfaces offers an outlet for aspiring talents of all ages, actors, writers, directors, producers, dancers, models, photographers, musicians, comedians, artist from across the full spectrum of mediums, and all those who have chosen to reach for their endless dreams with a stroke of a pen or a melody of colors cast across a blank surface. The show highlights talent from around the world. Both established individuals and persons who aspire for recognition and who touch people's lives are featured. 
Blank Verse|2013|Blank Verse is a web series about William Shakespeare and the great writers of his time, re-imagined as modern day university students. Featuring famous names like Chris Marlowe, Ben Jonson and Thomas Kyd, the series takes the historical events and context in which Shakespeare produced his famous works and throws them into the contemporary world. What would it be like if Shakespeare had not existed until now? How do we define greatness in our modern culture? Who is William Shakespeare? 
Blankety Blanks|1975|One contestant and one celebrity partner played against another contestant and another celebrity partner in a game of puns. Play began with the host randomly selecting one of 100 computer (punch)cards from a spinning wheel and placed into an electronic scanning machine. Each card had one player (who would try to solve a puzzle) and one point value (between 300-1000) programmed into it, and the player selected by the machine would select one of six clues about a person, place, or thing. If the player guessed correctly, the points were added to the player's "bank", otherwise another card would be selected and play would continue until the puzzle was solved. A "Blankety Blank" was a pun with the punchline removed, such as: The tornado that hit the pretzel factory was a real ____. (Answer: Twister) If the contestant and celebrity partner answered correctly, all the points in their bank would become dollars for the contestant and the opponents would get a Strike. A contestant that lost three Blankety Blanks (Strikes) would leave the show with any money accumulated, and a new contestant would play. There was no end game. 
Blansky's Beauties|1977|Arkansas' dad comes for a visit and starts gambling and loses all of his money. Arkansas then gives her father all of his money. And he continues to gamble and ends up going to a crooked game and loses all of her money. Nancy upon learning sets out to win it back. 
Blaq Magic|2018|We meet Damon and his brother DeMarco Slade, as DeMarco departs Atlanta for Chicago, to protect his adopted children from an unforeseen killer. Damon, uses illegal earnings to lure his brother back with a promise of building a record label to showcase his younger brothers' rap talents. 
Blast Northern Ireland|2006|A young band get the chance to produce their own music video directed by Mark L. Cowden. BBC camera's film the whole process from start to finish while Mark works with a crew of kids to film and edit the band's music video in less than 5 days. 
Blastazoid|2006|Blastazoid chronicled the lives of the hosts Brandon DiCamillo, Rake Yohn, and Joe Frantz (of the CKY Crew from the CKY videos, Viva La Bam, Bam's Unholy Union, Haggard, etc) as they brought to life "Live Action Donkey Kong", a life-sized, five story version of the 1982 classic Nintendo video game. Blastazoid featured stunts and pranks reminiscent of predecessors Viva La Bam and the CKY videos (such as the "wake up" on Rake Yohn and the "waterfall barrel" gag. Blastazoid also showcased user-created, gaming, fan, and tribute footage found on the Internets.Although the Blastazoid episode ended with a "trailer" for "Live-Action Frogger," the teaser was a spoof and Blastazoid had never been intended for a series. 
Blaster's Universe|1999|Blaster and GC offer to help her dad, the Commander of Omega, by attending a bridge opening. But nothing turns out to be, as it seems. The ice cream vendor is actually the math villain, the Number Cruncher, the fearsome Tuki Tukis are the good guys, the beautiful Luki Luki are the bad guys and Blaster isn't just a dumb Earthling after all. So it just goes to show you can't tell an ice cream truck by its cover. 
Blaues Blut|1988|Heinrich von Alternberg returns home to find that the estate his father has left him is penniless. The non-conformist German count decides to adopt a more everyday appellation of Henry Altern and earn his keep through private detective work, discovering he has a knack for it. Often, he's aided by his ex-wife, journalist Lisa Prentice. 
Blauvogel|1994|During the Franco-English war in Northern America, an English boy is captured by the French and sold to Indians where he grows up in a new family. When he is forced to return to his former home by English soldiers some years later, he finds he is a stranger there. 
BlazBlue: Alter Memory|2013|In the year 2199, humanity eagerly waits for the dawn of the new century, following the end of a series of devastating magic wars. When the world's most wanted man, Ragna the Bloodedge (also known as the Grim Reaper) make a move to destroy society, a group of ragtag fighters come together to stop him. 
Blaze and the Monster Machines|2014|AJ is an 8-year-old techie who drives monster-truck Blaze, the top racer in Axle City. The two go on adventures that have them taking on problems involving science and math. Many predicaments they face are caused by Blaze's rival, Crusher, a tractor-trailer that will do anything to beat other vehicles to the finish line. The animated series is billed as the first TV show for preschoolers to comprehensively cover areas of science, technology, engineering and math. Each episode introduces different STEM concepts, including buoyancy and trajectory. Blaze, AJ and their monster truck friends Zeg, Starla, Darington and stripes go on adventures and solve everyday problems while using math, science and physics. Crusher most of the time makes bad choices and is followed by his friend pickle. 
Blaze|1999|How do people behave when they're caught in a potentially deadly fire? We look at the human element of fire investigation. It will tell the story of a dedicated band of researchers and former fire fighters on both sides of the Atlantic who turned their attention to the last unknown quantity in fires - what do the victims do? 
Blazing Dragons|1996|When Griddle has trouble sleeping, Allfire sends Loungealot and Flicker on a quest to Slumberland. / When Griddle suggests they need another statutory holiday, Loungealot suggests a day in which to shower the Queen with undivided attention. 
Blazing Team: Masters of Yo Kwon Do|2015|Trained by master Lao Shi, a band of teenage heroes united by the mysterious sacred art of Yo Kwon Do, must learn to reach their full potential as the forces of light and darkness become a constant and increasing threat to their society. While the teams goal is ultimately keep the two opposing forces in harmony, they learn quickly that the real battle often lies in themselves as they begin to struggle to avoid falling prey to the very natures they swore to keep in check. 
Bleach: BurÓchu|2004|High school student Kurosaki Ichigo is unlike any ordinary kid. Why? Because he can see ghosts. Ever since a young age, he's been able to see spirits from the afterlife. Ichigo's life completely changes one day when he and his two sisters are attacked by an evil, hungry and tormented spirit known as a Hollow. Right in the nick of time, Ichigo and his siblings are aided by a Shinigami (Death God) named Kuchiki Rukia, whose responsibility it is to send good spirits (Pluses) to the afterlife known as Soul Society, and to purify Hollows and send them up to Soul Society. But during the fight against the Hollow, Rukia is injured and must transfer her powers to Ichigo. With this newly acquired power, so begins Kurosaki Ichigo's training and duty as a Shinigami to maintain the balance between the world of the living and the world of the dead... 
Bleacher Report eStream|2016|Bleacher Report's eStream is a daily news show covering all things eSports. Michele Morrow and Malik Forte break down everything in the world of competitive gaming from interviews with athletes and developers, previewing upcoming tournaments, event coverage, latest patches and updates, and so much more. 
Bleak House|2005|Half of London takes in interest in the long-running, complicated case of the inheritance of John Jarndyce Sr., a fortune disputed for generations in the Court of Chancery. The interests of orphaned juvenile relatives Richard Carstone and Ada Clare, wards of the court, are handled by attorney Kenge, hired by wealthy philanthropist John Jarndyce Jr., who even hired companion Esther Summerson and welcomes them in his fine home. Meanwhile sinister Mr. Tulkinghorn defends the interests of old Sir Leicester Dedlock and his younger wife, who has a secret past with destitute copyist and decorated veteran 'Nemo'. In 18th century London, John Jarndyce takes in two young cousins, Ada Clare and Richard Carstone, two of the many claimants in the case of Jarndyce v. Jarndyce. His forbear, also John Jarndyce, has left several wills and the resulting claims are in the Chancery Courts. The current John Jarndyce, who lives at Bleak House, also hires a companion for the young Ada, Esther Summerson who was orphaned at a young age and knows little of her background. Other claimants in the case include Lord and Lady Dedlock, represented by Mr Tulkinghorn. On one of Tulkinghorn's visits to brief them on the case, Lady Dedlock takes notice of a particularly flowery script on one of his many documents and promptly faints. An intrigued Tulkinghorn makes inquiries and learns that the document was prepared by a transcriber by the name of Nemo. Esther meanwhile receives a wholly unexpected offer of marriage. 
Bleak: The Web Series|2014|Bleak stars McLennan as Anna O'Brien, an adult screw-up who moves back to the family home after her life falls apart. There she realises that her family's lives have all also turned to the shit. Her father, John, has been demoted to a retail 'floor' staff position at an electrical chain store, which has left him quietly nursing regret, shame and a series of mild heart attacks. Anna's bored ex-beauty queen mother, Noni, is dealing with the drop in her family's socio-economic status by slipping into a tasteful 'brut and benzo' fog. Upstairs, hyperventilating in a wardrobe, is Anna's anxiety-riddled 17-year-old brother, Michael. Hell, even the family dog looks like he could do with a stiff drink. 
Bleeder|2009|Alex Daub is desperate. He's lost his home. He's lost his money. And he's about to lose his life. A disease eats away at him from the inside and he is incapable of stopping it. But a chance encounter will change his future and may give him a second chance to live the life he once knew. With the help of an unlikely group of allies, Alex must struggle to regain everything he's lost, all the while protecting an unbelievable secret. 
Blend S|2017|Sixteen-year-old Maika Sakuranomiya dreams of studying abroad, so she wants to find a part-time job to save up money for it. Unfortunately, the naturally menacing look in her eyes has torpedoed all of her job interviews so far, leaving her feeling dejected. But then, Dino, a foreigner with blond hair, suddenly appears before Maika and invites her to work at his coffee shop. She's thrilled to score her first job, but there's a catch. 
Blending in with the Bahrainis|2014|Love, career, wealth and family. Varying from their mid-twenties to mid-forties, the cast of BIWB is ready to showcase their vulnerabilities, struggles, strengths and successes to a worldwide audience. To show how a community of women can assist each other via mentorship, inspiration and brutal honesty on becoming and maintaining their strengths. As they tackle dating, divorce, pregnancy and motherhood, these women bond and fight and then bond all over again, pushing each other forward. Look forward to the beauty of Bahrain, the female drama and the big life lessons that ensue. 
Bless Me Father|1978|"Bless Me Father" is a 21-episode British sitcom that ran from 1978 to 1981. A gentle and impish look at Catholic life in post-war suburban Britain, the series follows the adventures and misadventures of the practical-minded veteran Irish priest Fr. Father Duddleswell (Arthur Lowe) as he tries to break in his inexperienced and idealistic young curate Father Boyd (Daniel Abineri). The priests' lives at St. Jude's Parish in London are hilariously complicated by an unflappable and tart housekeeper (Gabrielle Daye), a stern and imperious Mother Superior (Sheila Keith), and a flippant worldling neighbor, Billy Buzzle (David Ryall). Plots revolve around crises that make Catholic parish life both charming and frustrating, e.g., fund-raising and parish bazaars, the seal of confession, complications over funerals, etc. 
Bless This House|1971|Bless This House centres on life in Birch Avenue, Putney, where travelling stationery salesman Sid Abbott (Sidney James) and his wife Jean (Diana Coupland) live with their teenagers: Mike (Robin Stewart) is fresh from art college and more pre-occupied with protests than finding a job; and trendy schoolgirl Sally (Sally Geeson). Sally is 16 and Mike is 18. Sid and Jean constantly battle to comprehend the new generation's permissive ways and are usually out-of-touch. Their neighbours and best friends are Trevor (Anthony Jackson) and his wife Betty (Patsy Rowlands). 
Bless Yer Heart|2014|Bless Yer Heart is a universe all of itself. The perception of reality is a bit skewed but charmingly so, like that of "Portlandia." We want to touch on the diversity that we have in Georgia, and depict life in a heightened reality in which no one is safe. We are equal opportunity offenders in that way. But the performances are grounded like that of "Arrested Development". To add a cherry on top, there is a slight ode to Robert Altman, as our characters will come in and out of each others lives in unforeseen ways and makes us realize what a patchwork of a community that we have here in this vast and beautiful state. 
Blessed|2016|A washed up child actor (Shaun Weiss aka: "Goldberg", The Mighty Ducks") dies and is sent back to Earth with one more shot at making something of himself, but he misinterprets this chance of being a good, responsible human being as doing absolutely whatever it takes to get his acting career back on track. 
Bligh|1992|Following the mutiny of his ship, "The Bounty", Captain Bligh arrives in the early colonial settlement of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, where he becomes the new Governor. 
Blind Date|1949|A short-lived prime-time matchmaking program in whih viewers who had written in search of a blind date could meet someone who met their specifications of a dream partner. Jan Murray succeeded Melvyn Douglas on June 9, and the program was retitled "Blind Date" (1953). 
Blind Faith|1990|Joe McGinnis' best-seller is brought to tv. Set in the town of Toms River, New Jersey, an insurance salesman claims his wife was attacked and killed at a deserted picnic area. However police investigation casts suspicion on the man and the ultimate trial puts his three sons in doubt of their father's innocence. In 1984, Rob Marshall, a well-to-do businessman in New Jersey is accused of murdering his wife at a deserted picnic area. Although protesting his innocence, Rob's three sons, after supporting him, begin to doubt his innocence as his trial nears. 
Blind Film Critic|2011|Blind Film Critic Tommy Edison reviews the movie "Bad Teacher". Watch the video to find out how many eyes Tommy gives the R-rated comedy. He talks about the actors' performances, the characters, the film's soundtrack, and shows you the marketing tricks used in the Red Band trailer to get more people in the seats. 
Blind Justice 3D|2012|Blind Justice 3D is a comedic series that revolves around The Blind Detective & his 2 Assistant's (Deaf Assistant/Azmyth & Kyara). Every episode starts a similar way until they reach the client who has a missing item or mystery to be solved. 
Blind Justice|1988|Two deaths in two very different England's bear on the destiny of Fetter Court, now riven with internal dispute. Katherine defends a father who confesses to child murder in circumstances of extreme public revulsion, while Frank's loss nearer to home brings him face to face with the hardest decision of his professional life. 
Blind|2016|Over the course of a summer, we follow the idealistic space cadet Ali in pursuit of his dream girl: the gorgeous, spiritual and insightful Chelsea. While most people fall in love, Ali belly-flops into it. For him, friendship is eternal, music is emotion, drugs are life-enhancers, and love is pure and poetic. However, he is about to find out how finite and fickle these conceptions are. Between his cynical best friend Jake, the off-his-lips party-animal Yogi and the contradictory hipster Stacey, Ali tries to make sense of life, believing the answer is Chelsea. But, like the high they are all so wrapped up in, these naÔve preconceptions will eventually come crashing down... 
Blindpassasjer|1978|The spaceship Marco Polo is returning from a mission at the newly discovered planet Rossum. While the five members of the crew are in deep sleep a mysterious shape is captured on one of the surveillance monitors. Awakened the crew soon discover that one of their number has been killed, and something is living among them in the shape of a crewmate. But who is it?? 
Blindspot|2015|A woman with no memories of her past (Jane Doe), is found naked in Times Square with her body fully covered in intricate tattoos. Her discovery sets off a vast and complex mystery that immediately ignites the attention of the FBI, which begins to follow the road map of her tattoos into a larger conspiracy of crime, while bringing her closer to discovering the truth about her identity. A mysterious woman is found zipped up (alive) in a duffel bag, in Times Square. This Jane Doe has no memory of who she is or how she arrived there but is found to be nearly completely covered in cryptic tattoos. The FBI is called in to investigate, and the tattoos are revealed to be a mysterious 'treasure map' to preventing crime. 
Bling Dynasty|2015|In China, luxury is about more than owning private yachts, expensive houses and designer clothing-although there's plenty of that, too. Award-winning documentary filmmaker Lauren Greenfield, takes an unfiltered look at the new moneyed lives of China's richest denizens 
Bling It On|2012|Living in a world of sparkling crystals, and always believing that more is a must, Sondra invites viewers into her business which is all about fashion, design, and bling! From gypsies, to babies, to brides, Sondra and team bring designer dreams to life. 
Blinkered|2012|A lawsuit if filed, evidence is gathered, people are settling in to their new roles, Dennis makes Big Al's day worse and Jim apologizes for his actions during the hostage situation. Special thanks to Standing on the Shoulders of Giants for the use of their song "Weeping Woman". 
Blippi|2014|Blippi is an American character on YouTube. Blippi videos are aimed at young children, and are educational. Blippi is a likable character and children love him. His special fortÈ is his silly dancing. He has videos about everything from farms, tractors and bin lorries, to museums and theme parks. He introduces all sorts of concepts to children in a really fun, happy way. He even has a music album with his songs from his videos, such as 'Im an excavator'. 
Bliss|2002|A recently jobless woman becomes enthralled with her boyfriend's erotic radio show. Little does he know she had a hand in writing the scandalous BDSM oriented material he reads week after week and plans on making fantasy become reality in their very own bedroom. 
Blissful Dandelion|2013|On her 12th birthday, Lin Chia-Tung's ('Kai-Syuan Tzeng' (qv)) life of privilege comes to a crashing halt when her father declares bankruptcy and is sent off to prison. Despite her dire situation and the mistreatment she receives at the hands of relatives, she maintains her positivity and looks to the future with optimism. What changes are in store for Lin Chia-Tung, when the very rich and pampered, Sung Li-Hsing ('Danson Tang' (qv)), arrives on the scene? 
Blissful Thinking|2017|Viral video superstar Rob Bliss conducts bold social experiments all over New York City to shine a light on society's most messed up issues: Sex, prejudice, sexism, modern love, mental health and inequality. Comedic commentary, man on the street interviews and his wild public installations show how much more messed up the world is than you ever thought it was. - yet how much potential it has when you get to know your fellow stranger. 
Blissville|2014|When Amelia is unexpectedly proposed to by her boyfriend at her 30th birthday party, she goes into panic mode. With her friends and family around her excited about the proposal and wanting to know every single detail about her wedding plans, Amelia feels the pressure to be the perfect bride and seeks to keep her sense of self in the midst of it all. In search of comrades Amelia starts a Bride to be self help group to dilute the pressure and find support from like minded allies. Upon meeting all the bride's to be, in various stages of their wedding planning, the stories of these couples unfold, lives interconnecting, friendships made and rivalry begins. 
Blister|2002|A TV show that focuses on video games with lots of action within them. Game genres like first person shooters, action, arcade, adventure, etc. This show would not include sports-based video games. Sports-based games would be found in the TV show "Sweat" (2002). A show about action in games. This show talks about action games as well as goes behind the scenes. They discuss all action games like first person shooters (FPS) (Dudke Nukem 3D, Doom, Unreal), driving games (Wipeout Fusion, Grand Turismo 3), platform games (Mario 64, Crash Bandicoot), and hybrids like action/adventure games (Lara Croft: Tomb Raider) and action/adventure/horror games (Resident Evil, Silent Hill 2). 
Block-D|2009|BLOCK - D is centered on the dramatic and often comical relationships between a colorful group of tenants in an apartment building in Nairobi's Kalifonia estate. The show is a satirical take on their often melodramatic interactions, providing an inside look into the development of community, where strangers become neighbors, friends and maybe even family. There is Clara (Adhiambo Opondo) a young single mother who takes on the difficult task of managing the run down BLOCK D - a rental building where no one wants to pay rent but everyone has a demand they want met. A catalyst for conflict and comedy in the building is the outspoken, busybody Melba (Lucy Nyagah) who is everyone's main source of grief. Nothing is too sacred or private to escape Melba's opinionated commentary. She runs the only grocery store on the Block and will extend store credit only to those who put up with her nosy nature. Her loyal and soft-spoken husband Amos (Ken Ambani) is the perfect foil for his wife's disruptive temper, trying to save face with the neighbors and make amends when she goes too far. Then there is Kim (Betty Wangeshi) who also rents an apartment in the building and runs a hair salon next to Melba's store. This feisty young lady is the only tenant who can beat Melba at her own game. But she can never seem to keep her wayward but charming boyfriend Kilo (George Mo) in line. What she really wants is for them to be a happy couple like their neighbors Ben (Melvin Alusa) and Rita (Janet Kirina). But this young couple has their fair share of struggles as they try to make ends meet often with heartbreaking results. However one cannot help but cheer them on as they face each hurdle with zest. Also starring are Meja (Steenie Njoroge) the mysterious older gentleman who is known to launch into never-ending stories and tall tales when he hits the bottle hard, which is often and Biko (Rogers Otieno) Clara's newly reformed husband whose shadowy past is threatening to shatter the happy family facade. 
BlockHeads: The Return of the Neighborhood|2010|BlockHeads is a half hour television program focused on sustainable development and community revitalization. BlockHeads highlights the stories of interesting community pioneers, both resident and commercial, and the passion and enthusiasm they have for rebuilding their neighborhood. 
Blockbusters|1980|Game show which sought to resolve the question, "Are two heads better than one?" A single contestant competed against a team of two (related in some way but not married) to answer general knowledge questions, which allowed them to claim hexagonal boxes on a large five-by-four game board if they answered correctly. Each box had a different letter of the alphabet on it, and each question had a one-word answer beginning with whichever letter was selected by a player. The single contestant had to complete a vertical path on the board to win (a minimum of four red boxes), while the two-person team had to finish a horizontal path on the board (a minimum of five white boxes). Oftentimes, more than the minimum number of boxes were required to win a game. The first team to win a two-out-of-three-game match became the champion and played the "Gold Rush" for a chance to win $5,000 in cash. The same game board was used only with each box having one letter or as much as five initials to a phrase, title, name, etc. The champion, whether it be the single player or one member of the two-person team, had 60 seconds to make a horizontal connection across the board. Each clue answered correctly turned the box in question gold, while incorrect answers or passes turned a box black, making it a block that a contestant had to work around. If the champion failed to make such connection, he/she won $100 per correct answer. Teams continued until winning 10 games or being defeated. The 10-game maximum was eventually extended to 20 games, allowing previously-retired champions to be brought back to the show. 
Blodseri¯se Skjegg|2017|A trail of blood and a living witness creates problems for the rapist and serial killer "Skjegg" in this new mini-series. "Skjegg" will follow the trail of blood in 6 episodes and the blood will not stop flowing until the very last episode. 
Bloedbroeders: Blood Brothers|2015|In 'Blood Brothers', Turkish-Dutch journalist Sinan Can and Armenian-Dutch musical theatre actor Ara Halici explore how their families were involved in the Turkish mass-murder of the Armenians one hundred years ago. In a six part 'documentary-roadmovie' Sinan and Ara undertake a trip through Turkey and Armenia, from Istanbul to Jerevan. Not only do they experience emotional and confrontational meetings, also their friendship is put under duress on their search for the truth about the Armenian genocide. 
Bloedbroers|2015|Set during a incredibly tumultuous period of the Afrikaner's development between 1914 and 1948, the story follows the lives of four young men - Willem, P.G., Gerhard and Bennie - poor white miners who become involved in the 1914 Rebellion by chance. When the Rebellion is unsuccessful, the four young men find themselves at a crossroads - do they continue as before, or do they fight for freedom and a better future. They make the choice to fight, but each in his own way - Bennie through the church and politics, Willem through radical resistance, P.G. by means of the written word, and Gerhard through the trade unions. There and then they decide to cut open their hands and swear a pact to be blood brothers until the end. We follow their lives and see how each one falls in love and starts their own family, survive through the chaos of the 1922 mine workers' rebellion, the depression of the 1930s, the uncertain times during World War II and the build-up to the infamous 1948 election. But to share blood and swear yourselves to be blood brothers is one thing. To honor that oath through all the twists and turns of life is something completely different, especially when your life choice stand in stark contrast to the that of your blood brother. 
Bloedverwanten|2010|The Dutch family de Winter keeps enjoying an affluent life style after the death of the family flowers firm founder, as his daughter Esthers's ex Anton remains the most competent CEO. The offspring expects the money and privileges to keep coming, enabling a luxurious family -, party - and love life. But soon it becomes clear their patriarch built the floral empire on money 'borrowed' from Nazi era Jewish dead people and also had illegal descendants. Heirs are drawn from in-fights and other petty problems to battles over how to handle the potential PR disaster and who should run the firm. 
BlogChatSA|2016|Meeting Aisha was an absolute honor and priviledge, she made interviewing her so easy and pleasurable. Having started off as a model and moving on to being a fashion designer, the transition phase for her was a way to express how she feels about fashion and forms a huge part of who she is. Aisha has a passion for fashion and is She also shared with us- her philanthropy work in mentoring young ladies around Zimbabwe in the fashion industry.. in line with having started her very own clothing line.. she was eager to share her love for the industry , mentioning that "woman need guidance" - having hosted events and shared the spotlight with many others, Aisha is surely growing into a well known brand and a force to be reckoned with. She has a passion for teaching others and moving onto greater things and aims on moving away from the norms of fashion. Having moved to SA well over 10 years ago, she kept an open mind to being involved in the fashion industry, followed and learned from many people who are well known and using her passion and what she has learnt to move her on to the next level. Kim J. and Bonang are the cause of inspiration for Aisha and moves in the direction of her success. I would like to thank Aisha for her time and beautiful presence on the show. 
Bloggers: The Beginning|2016|"Bloggers" is a web series that explores the lives of young successful entrepreneurs who navigate this growing world of technology and rapid change in lifestyle while trying to earn an honest buck. The lives of the seemingly untouchable A-list bloggers gets real when we get to see what happens behind those screens, in business, life, relationships and friendships. 
Blonde|2001|A fictional biography of 'Marilyn Monroe' (qv) mixed with series of real events in her life: childhood years, first marriage to 'James Dougherty (I)' (qv), meeting with the photographer Otto Ose, career with XX Century Fox, relationship with her mother, foster parents, life wasters 'Charles Chaplin Jr.' (qv) (Cass) and 'Edward G. Robinson Jr.' (qv) (Eddie G), baseball player 'Joe DiMaggio (I)' (qv), playwright 'Arthur Miller (I)' (qv) and many other people. 
Blondetourage|2017|A mockumentary of the treacherous journey to fame... for the sole purpose of being famous. Five delusional blondes, with the self-given name "Blondetourage," target celebrity hot spots in Los Angeles with the intention of being seen by the "average" and "lesser masses." And let's be honest... in this day and age, it's incredibly possible to be famous for no reason at all. 
Blondi tuli taloon|1994|Johanna T‰htinen's husband Yk‰ burns down their house and goes to jail so Johanna and daughter Liisa are left with nothing. Johanna, not being very intelligent, doesn't know what to do, so it's up to Liisa to find them a place to live. In the meantime mother-less teens Matti and Missu get tired of taking care of the house and their scientist father, widowed Hannu Hurmala, and put an ad in the newspaper to find a housekeeper. Liisa spots the ad which promises also an apartment. Matti and Missu, desperate, hire Johanna without asking their father. Hannu, dating super-jealous school teacher Margit Haukkamaa, isn't happy about the new housekeeper and her daughter... 
Blondie|1957|Dagwood decides that the living room isn't "manly" enough, so he insists that it be refurnished. Much to Dagwood's dismay, Blondie promptly gets an interior decorator to give her an estimate on what it would cost to redecorate the entire house. 
Blood & Oil|2015|The present day oil boom in North Dakota is tempting the young and ambitious to try their luck in the black gold business. Such are Billy and Cody LeFever, a young married couple that's just arrive in a North Dakotan town famous for its rich oil fields. They don't know anyone there, but Billy is ambitious and always has an idea on how to start some small business, while modest Cody makes friends easily and just wants to make a home for themselves there, even if they have to compromise and do something much more common and less glamorous and profitable than partaking in the oil business. While Cody goes to find them a place to live and a job for herself, Billy spends all the money they have, most of which came from their friends back home who pitched in to help them build a tiny starting capital, to buy a modestly lucrative plot of land owned by old and bitter Clifton Lundegren. The deal is made after some tough negotiating, but then notorious local oil baron Hap Briggs offers Billy a small piece of his action for the land. Naive Billy goes for it and learns first hand why most people, and especially Clifton, hate the old savvy swindler Hap. Although desperate, Billy decides to do his best to somehow get into the business despite Briggs' paw over the local oil market. Meanwhile, Hap has to deal with his troubled family. His new wife Darla is an elegant but melancholic trophy wife, who knows her place. His son Wick is a loser, who in frustration makes a faithful decision to rob one of his dad's oil rigs one night with his shady friend Garry and makes the biggest mistake of his life. Hap's favorite child is his daughter and competent businesswoman Lacey, who naively sees her half-brother Wick as a victim of circumstance burdened by the weight of his father's shadow and always stands up for him. However, old Hep is also a troublemaker and is secretly having an affair with his son's English-born sly girlfriend, who runs a popular local bar and can't decide between the two Briggs. Wick's biggest problem is the experienced local Sheriff Tip Harrison, who knows all the skeletons in the townspeople's closets, and suspects Wick and Garry of wrongdoing but can't prove anything yet. Hap's biggest problem is his ruthless out of town competition that will stop at nothing, including blackmail, spying and theft, to find out what's his secret next big business move that's suppose to make him a big name even outside of North Dakota. 
Blood Border|????|An ancient evil is awakening in the caverns and forests that surround a historic Ukrainian city on the border with Poland. Lviv is a city in conflict. The National Police of Ukraine, concerned about drug trafficking and other international crimes, has established the Department of International Criminal Investigations. A team of International Police detectives stationed in Lviv are investigating a motorcycle gang that is exporting a new and virulent form of methamphetamine into Poland. A beautiful young woman, naked and bloodied, emerges from the woods that surround Lviv. She's the daughter of a powerful Polish politician, and the detectives suspect the motorcycle gang are behind a botched kidnapping plot. A series of strange deaths hit the city, and the detectives investigate it as a serial killer on the loose. But the truth behind these and other mysterious crimes is far more insidious and horrific. An ancient evil is awakening. And it is hungry. 
Blood Brothers|2010|Blood Brothers is about an educated young African American, Rube, forced to hustle and survive on the streets. Rube has been put between a rock-and-a-hard place, trying to help someone he loves, but being dragged down by someone he looks up to. However, Rube's journey leads him to places he never thought possible. Rube falls in love, experiences heartache, regret, and he eventually is put in a position he can't avoid - brother-against-brother. 
Blood Cell|2008|Julia is jolted awake by the howl of her cellphone; a video message from her best friend, Susan. Her eyes are swollen from crying. Her upper lip shows a painful cut. And she's scared to death. "I've been kidnapped... You can't call the police... And don't turn off your cell phone, he'll kill me if you do. Just wait for my next call and I'll..." And as the shadowed figure of a dark, ominous man fills the frame, Susan screams and the message cuts out. Confused, Julia receives a text message from the kidnapper: "Dead Cell = Dead Friend." A peaceful night turns into a race against time. Together with her friend Alex, Julia becomes part of a cat and mouse game with the mysterious kidnapper. Using Julia's cellphone as the only lifeline, Julia and Alex must rescue her friend and avoid succumbing to a similarly gruesome fate. 
Blood Drive|2017|Grace is a street racer on the open road whose car runs on....people. Arthur is a cop trying to make a better world everyday. They get thrown together into a race, an event from Los Angeles to Phoenix which the loser losing their lives. Along the way they encounter psychos, freaks and innocents. Arthur wants to do right, but the rules don't allow his moral code to exist. Grace finally convinces Arthur, it's a do or die race. They must band together or forfeit their lives. Will they finish last only to die? Will Grace do anything to win? Who feeds the car next? 
Blood Feud: Blood Isn't Always Thicker Than Water|2012|Four college students are on their way to a party when their car breaks down, leaving them stranded in the wrong part of town. Attacked by a gang of vampires the kids flee and are met by a mysterious man named Abraham Darke, who claims to be hunting the vampires to avenge the deaths of his parents. Through the course of trying to survive the night the kids will uncover the strange link between the vampire hunter and Kaine, the leader of the vampires. Will they survive to see the sunrise or become more victims of a very old blood feud? 
Blood Feuds|2016|Bill the Butcher vs. John Morrisey. The Hatfields vs. the McCoys. Soapy Smith vs. Frank Reid. These are the rivalries that defined American history, as foes became fatalities in the ultimate street fight for honor, power, and pride. AMERICAN HEROES CHANNEL (AHC) digs deep into these epic vendettas and more in BLOOD FEUDS, an all-new, original series centered around our nation's most iconic rivalries. BLOOD FEUDS features six action-packed stories chock-full of simmering tensions, brutal struggles and bitter hatred - from racist street gangs battling for territory to former friends turned mortal enemies. 
Blood Lad|2013|Blood Lad follows Staz, a vampire from the Demon World who avoids is an otaku for human goods - especially manga and anime. The accidental arrival of Fuyumi Yanagi, who wandered into the Demon World through a portal, changes his life. Whilst he fights a territory rival she is eaten by a carnivorous plant. Staz pledges to help bring her back to life. Story follows Staz, a vampire boss of a section in the demon world. But, all he seems to care about are his anime and manga from the human world. One day he is informed that a Japanese girl has wandered in to the demon world. And as an otaku for all Japanese things, he jumps to the occasion to meet her. But that's when things get complicated... 
Blood Lies|2011|After a freakish nightmare, Elise wakes up having slept all day. She ditches Skyler hoping to catch up with Cade at the hospital. His wounds from the night before have somehow completely healed, and Cade's charming words keep her from prying, but what is Cade hiding? 
Blood Magick|2018|Blood Magick is a modern and sophisticated one-hour Supernatural Drama. Set in breath-taking County Mayo, Ireland, Blood Magick follows cousins Iona, Connor and Branna as they come together to fight a terrifying evil which is bent on stealing their legacy: the power of the Dark Witch. The series follows these three very different sorcerers as they struggle to master their talents - and their hearts - in the most magical place on Earth. 
Blood Relatives|2012|In peaceful Green Cove Springs, Florida, the Jones family lives the good life with a successful business and two beautiful daughters. But when a na√Øve new houseguest finds skeletons in the closet, one family member will seek revenge by bloodshed. In peaceful Green Cove Springs, Florida, the Jones family lives the good life with a successful business and two beautiful daughters. But when a naÔve new houseguest finds skeletons in the closet, one family member will seek revenge by bloodshed. 
Blood Sweat and Heels|2014|A TV show that follows a group of up-and-coming movers and shakers in New York's elite circles of real estate, fashion, and media. The all-female cast includes former "video vixen" turned realtor Melyssa Ford, real estate partner Brie Bythewood, modeling agency owner Mica Hughes, affordable-style expert Daisy Lewellyn, A Belle in Brooklyn blogger and author Demetria Lucas, and style and pop culture journalist Geneva S. Thomas. From Harlem to Brooklyn, life in the big city often resembles a small town when the women cross paths in their personal and professional lives. The self-starters built their reputations and successes without the help of a man, but they never underestimate the power of a girlfriend's support. These independent ladies are aggressive in their pursuit of personal and career goals, but will the cost of success prove too steep as they climb their way to the top? 
Blood Ties|2007|Blood Ties, set in Toronto, Ontario, centres on Christina Cox as Vicki Nelson, a former Toronto Police Service who left the force to become a private investigator after beginning to lose her eyesight, due to a beginning Retinopathia Pigmentosa. Through her work she teams up with the 470-year-old vampire Henry Fitzroy, who happens to be the illegitimate son of Henry VIII. The mutual attraction between them is complicated by Vicki's relationship with former partner and lover, Mike Celluci. In the beginning, he doesn't believe in the supernatural and thinks that Vicki is losing her mind along with her eyesight. Also in the picture is Vicki's assistant Coreen, who was hired because of her knowledge of the occult and to keep her quiet about Henry. Coreen is thoroughly enamored with both the occult and Henry, which can get her into trouble. 
Blood and Bone China|2011|It is 1897 and a city is in turmoil. In the smoky, dirty depths of middle England, the people are terrified. The once bustling streets of Stoke are empty, the silence is only broken by the whispers of devils, demons and vampires. Poor souls are being taken, vanishing without a trace. When the local doctor is snatched away, word travels to his brother, a young vet by the name of Newlyn Howell. Spurred on to discover the truth by the enigmatic Alexander Pyre, Newlyn's dark adventure into the depths of Victorian Stoke begins... and what he discovers is beyond belief. 
Blood and Fury: America's Civil War|2016|July 1861. In what will be the first real battle of the Civil War, untested and poorly trained Rebel and Confederate troops clash on the blood soaked banks of the Bull Run River. Thousands will be killed and wounded, shocking the nation. 
Blood and Glory: The Civil War in Color|2015|The Civil War, one of the most defining moments in American history, tore the nation apart, pitting North against South--brother against brother. Over the course of four years, more than 750,000 military and civilian lives were sacrificed to make the United States a more perfect union, where the human rights of every person are guaranteed. BLOOD AND GLORY: THE CIVIL WAR IN COLOR brings this important historical event to life in a two-part documentary special as never seen before. With unprecedented access to government and private archives and using state-of-the-art technology, over 500 rare and compelling black and white photographs have been painstakingly colorized to illustrate the story of the Civil War in breathtaking detail. (Part 2 of 2.) 
Blood and Gold: The Making of Spain with Simon Sebag Montefiore|2015|Spain, or rather the peninsula Iberia, has arguably Europe's most exotic culture, sharing much history with the Mediterranean and especially Africa. The hopelessly divided, largely Celtic tribes were no match for the sea's rivaling superpowers, who craved its rich natural resources, notably mines. The Fenecian lead city Carthage achieved near-total control under general Hasdrubal. His son Hannibal set out from there over the mountain to bring war to rival Rome, but counterpart Scipio earned his victory name Africanus by crushing the North African nest and destroyed its port-capital. Under long Rian rule, Iberia prospered and yielded some major late emperors, notably Trajan and Hadrian. Nevertheless, the Germanic invasions swept over the peninsula, despite Byzantine help, the Vandals leaving only their name to Andalusia, but the Visigoths established a great kingdom, after Rome itself has switched paganism for Christianity. Later Islam would swept over from North Africa, Arabs and Berbers being initially invited by rivaling Christians players. An offshoot of the deposed Ommayad caliphs of Damascus established their own in Cordoba, rivaling the Baghdad Abassids. But it too would fall into division, leaving the way open for Christians to repel them. 
Blood and Guts with Scott Ian|2012|Celebrating the art and pure awesomeness of monster makeup and gore effects, Scott Ian has teamed up with the Nerdist Channel to bring you "Blood and Guts," showcasing a behind-the-scenes look at how some of the greatest FX artists of today pull off their amazing work. 
Blood and Oil|2013|CJ is forced to drill a well in his own backyard. If he can pull it off, he thinks he will unleash a gusher of oil, and wealth. CJ gives Josh the responsibility of laying the pipeline for the well, but CJ doesn't know that Josh has other plans in mind 
Blood and Thunder: The Sound of Alberts|2015|I've only watched the second half of the second episode, but, if you a child of Australian Rock n' Roll, this is not a series to be missed. I'm going back to find out where I can catch with Episode 1 and watch the whole thing through. Sitting here on the couch, I found myself air-guitaring, drumming my leg until my fingers were sore, never realised just how much I missed that era of AustraliN Rock n' Roll. Long live Bon, long live Doc. 
Blood and Water|2015|The one thing Josephine ("Jo") Bradley (30) knows is that she is a good cop. She's ambitious and tough (or thinks she is) and has just been assigned her first big case as Lead Detective following her recent promotion in Vancouver's Homicide Division. Born in China and abandoned by a family she never knew, Jo was adopted as a toddler and relocated to Vancouver. Raised by a single mother, a Professor of Sinology, Jo wanted for nothing growing up. But, much to her mother's chagrin, Jo chose policing as a career. When Charles Xie, the son of a prominent real estate developer, goes missing and his body is found ritualistically buried, Jo is assigned the case. It happens on one of the worse days of her life following a cancer diagnosis and an imminent and difficult decision about treatment. But Jo will need to put the personal aside when she goes head-to-head with the wealthy and privileged Xie family, led by the tyrannical and powerful patriarch, Li-Rong Xie. Risking her career, Jo will be forced to tear the family apart and reveal long held secrets in order to solve the murder of their troubled middle son. The cat-and-mouse game she plays to fracture the Xie family will also leave Jo broken and searching for her own identity and the meaning of family. 
Blood of the Irish|2009|A landmark series for RT…, Blood of the Irish explores the most fundamental questions about the Irish population; who were the first people to settle here and where did they come from? Why are the oldest Irish human remains less than 10,000 years old when just 100 kms away in Britain, human traces go back 700,000 years? Did the first Irish arrive overland on an ice bridge, or on a small fragile boat blown ashore by the winds of chance? 
Blood on the Carpet|1999|The use of a dormant Air Force Base at Rome, New York, was fought over for several years, before promoter Michael Lange of Woodstock fame won approval for the third installment of his creation. What ultimately happened, on the hottest day of the year, was a perfect storm of concert controversy. 
Blood on the Nile|2018|Opposed since the age of the pharaohs, vampires and werewolves have been pulling the strings of History far from the daylight. When a synthetic blood is mass produced a few years ago, they progressively come out into the open to intermingle with the humans. 
Blood on the Turntable|2004|The music business can be ruthless. Musicians are desperate for success while their management are desperate for the spoils. Artistic integrity is encouraged, while the accounting can get complicated. Controversy can be developed as a selling point until the wrong feathers are ruffled. And when the lines between art and commerce are blurred there's inevitably Blood on the Turntable. This new series, narrated by DJ Shaun Keaveny, investigates three of the most contentious music industry battles, told by those on the frontline. All feature the usual ingredients: money, power, greed and ego. 
Blood|2013|Rex Maganti was a regular teenage boy that loved vampires...as mythical, unreal creatures. But, little did he know that they weren't so mythical and two were roaming around his school watching him. On one day, these two vampires took him to a warehouse where Lillith Bloodgood trained all newbie vampires to become strong, fast, and intelligent. When Lillith Bloodgood, a vampire for over five hundred years, explained everything to Rex, he had no choice but to be turned. If he didn't turn into a vampire, Lillith would have to kill Rex because he knew way too much. Isaac and Cameron, the two boys that took Rex from school to this warehouse, recruited James L. Cruz, a boy from Rex's school. Lillith recruited these boys to help her fight the "devil vampires" that want nothing but chaos. 
Blood+|2005|They are called Chiropterans, ravenous creatures that can change their form, disguising themselves as human beings. Immortal creatures that feed off blood, they hide themselves among us. An organization called the Red Shield has been waging a private war to wipe them out. Now the struggle has grown. Saya Otonashi is a normal high school student who suffers from amnesia; she can't remember anything before the past year of her life. Then one day, a man named Hagi appears and gives her a katana, and her destiny is only partially revealed. The journey for the truth begins... 
Blood, Lies and Alibis|2012|This show follows criminal investigators as they uncover the stories behind brutal killings. With the help of forensic evidence, old fashioned legwork and years of dogged determination, detectives and D.A.'s convict murderers and deliver justice to families mourning their dead. 
Blood, Sweat & T-Shirts|2008|Six Western, relatively spoiled English youths visits underdeveloped places overseas where some of the luxury goods or crucial components are produced they take for granted. They not only visit, but experience the harsh life of Third World laborers often backbreaking, dangerous, poorly paid jobs. 
Blood, Sweat and Takeaways|2010|In Bangkok, the six British youth are supposed to try some of the seasonal laborer job. Only James has the stomach and courage to start on arrival in a fish processing workshop, a ghastly experience of constant stench, squalor and backbreaking discomfort. The others, feeling guilty in their hotel, try to join in the next day. Manos gets squeamish, especially in their next job, a modern plant where countless live chickens are killed, gutted, cut up and packaged at murderous speed. Josh needs emergency hospital help before his festering leg infection would have required amputation, a real risk for Asian field laborers. Once home, the youngsters try to adjust their resumed luxury lives, each in their ways. 
Blood, Sweat, and Luxuries|2010|Six luxury-addicted British youths accept to trace the way some their favorite products are made. Each time they visit a third world country and share the unenviable working and living conditions. Among them is part-time model Oscar, a Veganist who dropped out of Britain's most expensive private school. 
Bloodivores|2016|Also called Time Prisoners, this is based on a Chinese webtoon by Bai Xiao. It's an alternative world where people researched and found the cure for a mysterious sleep-deprivation sickness where people became mad 60 yers ago. Those people who were treated are now wearing a black collar who produces a dangerous side-effect: they become vampires. However, this story will take a more grave situation when these vampires/bloodivores start to be menaced by some mysterious Special Forces. Also called Time Prisoners, this is based on a Chinese webtoon by Bai Xiao. It's an alternative world where people researched and found the cure for a mysterious sleep-deprivation sickness where people became mad 60 years ago. Those people who were treated are now wearing a black collar who produces a dangerous side-effect: they become vampires. However, this story will take a more grave situation when these vampires/bloodivores start to be menaced by some mysterious Special Forces. 
Bloodlands|2014|Texas A&M student Kerry Kujawa left his dorm room on a spring afternoon to visit his online love interest, Kelley McCauley in San Antonio - and never returned. Two weeks later, his badly decomposed body is discovered on a desolate prairie 130 miles away. 
Bloodletting & Miraculous Cures|2010|Fitz travels to Guatemala to rescue a man who has bleeding in the brain. However, because the bleeding is so severe, the man will not make it back to Toronto due to the cabin pressure. Meanwhile, Ming has to perform a emergency delivery when her patient's baby has its neck trapped in the umbilical cord. And Chen finally realizes that there is more to life than medicine. 
Bloodline|2015|Intriguing story of a well off family in the Florida Keys that have many dark secrets. The siblings are heirs of a beautiful inn that has been in their family for 50 years. It is their childhood home with many great memories, but the deep dark past holds many untold tales. All combined makes the future very uncertain. 
Bloodlines|2011|In the beautiful city of San Diego is where the American / Mexican border is more of a revolving door than a stopping line. Life can be dark or dangerous. Lines between family, gangs, communities and countries are filled with blood of many sources. 
Bloodwork|2011|Bloodwork is a brand new series focusing on incredible criminal cases in which the resolution was brought about by the use of forensics. Each episode highlights not only a fascinating case, but the real-world investigator without whom it could never have been solved. 
Bloodworks|2014|Anthrax ax-shredder and horror aficionado Scott Ian did a lot for us in the furthering of gore. He's been attacked by monsters of all shapes and sizes, gotten dismembered, beheaded, de-faced, and impaled by a living doll as part of his former video series for Nerdist. But that wasn't enough! He wasn't content to merely be the victim, or even the instigator, of horrific acts of movie magic; no, he wants to go deeper, and on his new series Bloodworks, that's exactly what he's going to do. Bloodworks will take viewers not only into the world of special effects makeup and monster model making, but he'll also show us creative people in their element expressing their love for such things. The best effects houses, the most passionate artists. And, yes, he'll probably get turned into a demon or lose a limb or two, but it wouldn't be a Scott Ian show if he didn't. 
Bloody Foreigners|2010|A group of Eastern European pilots who with their advanced experience and ability help the allies win the Battle of Britain during the Second World War. They combined forces with the British Air Force in Polish Flying Squadron 303. Their contribution has been largely unnoted by history and yet their assistance made a massive difference to the outcome of the airborne effort. Feric was writing his personal diary from September 1939, which were turned into No.303 Squadron's unit history. The battle of Trafalgar is generally held to be a triumphant English victory but the documentary shows, using the list of crew members of the HMS Bellerophon, that the ships' companies were made up of other nationalities;- recently freed or escaped West Indian slaves, Scandinavian professional sailors who were on board for the money and Americans,sometimes press-ganged from other ships. Though the battle was against the French there were even French career sailors aboard. Hundreds of black sailors took part and there are portrayals of them in the frieze at the base of Nelson's Column. 
Bloody Tales of the Tower|2012|For more than 900 years, the Tower of London has dominated the city's skyline - symbolizing gruesome executions, notorious prisoners and absolute royal supremacy to the masses. But how much of that extraordinary history is based on legend and how horrific would it have been to await your grisly fate inside the walls of this powerful fortress? Bloody Tales of the Tower will challenge the public assumptions and myths surrounding the iconic Tower of London and will use original historical sources to shed new light on fascinating individual cases. 
Bloody Tales|2013|Who fatally shot Italian Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini, without trial, after his capture by partisans, and why? What happened to the 'treasure' he carried with him, or was that the motive, perhaps documents that could discredit Churchill? - Was the most famous highwayman in Cromwell's republic executed as a traitor just for robbing notably parliamentarians, or executed for stubbornly proclaiming to remain an royalist, or did the Lord Protector carry a personal grudge beyond law? - Who laid the bomb that nearly blow up Napoleon Bonaparte, then Fisrt Consul, in his coach, and why? Did his security minister FouchÈ play a two-faced part? 
Bloomberg Game Changers|2010|Bloomberg Game Changers profiles Anna Wintour the editor-in-chief of Vogue Magazine. It looks at her early life and her initial forays in the magazine business at Harper's and New York Magazine. She becomes creative director of Vogue and eventually takes over as editor in a power struggle. She revamps the magazine and becomes one of the most powerful women in fashion. 
Blooming in Brisbane|2013|This week on Blooming in Brisbane Jill shows us her way of watering a potted panted. Chris a native grower chats to Nicole about Australian native plants and what plants help attract birds. We also have the pleasure of visiting a tropical inspired garden. 
Blooms|2017|2 young adult twins, Andrew and Elliot Blooms, who learn of one another's existence upon the murder of their father. In turn, they inherit a hand-crafted secret criminal empire he's left them, with many strings attached. The immorality, corruption and debauchery of their father's world is deep, and every time they think they've reached the bottom it gets worse. The young men are inexperienced but not innocent, vastly different but in many ways exactly the same, with each missing something in his life that only the other can supply. 
Blossom|1990|This teenage sitcom is named after its main character, likable but sissy schoolgirl Blossom Russo. It centers around her life at school and at home, where she lives with her single father, charming musician Nick Russo, who tries hard to be an exemplary parent, and her two elder brothers, the cool Anthony, the eldest, and sweet but rather weak and naive Joey. Her best friend, Six LeMeure, who is educationally neglected at her home and thus is almost always around at the Russos as well as at school, is the voice of mischief and thus often her partner in crime. 
Blott on the Landscape|1985|Sir Giles Lynchwood has nearly got everything, he's rich, he's powerful (he's a Conservative MP) but two things annoy him. Firstly it's his house. It's a rotting manor house. And the second thing is his wife, Lady Maud Lynchwood. Strong-willed Maud wants to have kids with Giles (to carry on the family line) but Giles wouldn't have sex with Maud if she wasn't the last woman on Earth. He also cheats on Maud with Mrs Forthby. Giles thinks up a plan to get rid of the house. He convinces the Government to build the extension of a motorway (highway) through the grounds and through the house itself. Maud finds out about this and is determined to stay in her house. She dreams of divorcing Giles and with the aid of her foreign handyman, Blott (who has a mysterious past but owes Maud's father a big debt) sets out to stop the motorway and tries to turn the manor into a safari zoo. But Giles and Dundridge, the motorway controller, have other ideas... 
Blow Your Mind|2014|The doctors find out more about Moon Bears, with vet Steve Leonard heading into the rain-forest to treat Champa, who is suffering from terrible headaches. However, operating in the wild is far from easy, with the electricity going down and the team having to improvise. 
Blow Your Own Trumpet|2016|Chloe Anderson believes the fate of America falls on her jolly swag-man shoulders. Chloe's concern about Donald Trump's rising popularity forces her to travel to America and convince the people to do what's right. With her cameraman, Brian, and her never-failing eagerness (along with her adorable ignorance), Chloe is determined to keep America the (second) greatest country in the world. 
Blowdown|2008|Follows Controlled Demolition Inc. as they head south to Brazil to take on one of the largest sports facilities in the world - the Fonte Nova Stadium. When it comes to this type of implosion, CDI is on their game. They've taken down several massive stadiums in the U.S. But this job is different - a Brazilian crew is executing this project, so CDI can't handle a single stick of explosives. And the site, which was shut down after a deadly structural failure, is full of hazards. Can CDI and the Brazilians pull this unprecedented job off, or will this World Cup demolition turn into a world-class disaster? 
Blowers|2017|Father Mario struggles to keep his shelter open after his problems with the police. Violeta's patience reaches its limit and she starts to tear a Blower's wall with her own hands. Carmen doubts to accept a new job where she needs to be semi-nude. 
Blowflies|2012|Discover the world of NTG Today, a current affairs show in similar vain to Today Tonight except for one tiny crucial difference - they don't have any stories. Nicole tries to make a difference in a world full of spin and nonsense. Will she make a difference, or will it all come... 
Blowin' Up|2006|Jamie Kennedy & Stu Stone get into an argument at a magazine cover photo shoot when the photographer asks Stu to pose in a compromising position. He gets upset about this and Jamie & Stu go to see Johnny Carson's former sidekick, Ed Mcmahon. Ed tells Stu that he is the "second banana" but that is an important role to play. Stu gets even more heated when the magazine comes out and Jamie is in another press release discussing an up and coming movie project not involving Stu. The two part ways and Jamie finds Stu working on a record about Jamie featuring E-40 and Jason Biggs. Jamie is kicked out of the studio. With nowhere else to turn, Jamie holds an audition for "Stu's replacement". A rapper named Young Church is found to replace Stu. The next day, Jamie Kennedy and Young Church are gearing up to perform on TV. In the car and interview with Jimmy Kimmel, it is apparent that Jamie Kennedy and Young Church do no have the same chemistry that he has with Stu. Jamie decides not to perform. He goes to Jason Biggs house to win Stu back. After Jamie bribes Stu back with a flat screen TV, they both watch Jimmy Kimmel and see Young Church performing a song influenced by Jamie Kennedy & Stu Stone. 
Blue Belle|2010|A woman living two lives - one as a high school teacher during the week in Santa Barbara, and the other feeding an adolescent neurosis working weekends in Las Vegas. Already trying to free herself from the addictive pattern started as a teenager, Blue is now being stalked by a student named Marcus, who decides to go to Vegas himself. Marcus, a paraplegic and wheelchair bound, follows his beloved teacher to her other life, planning on catching up to her to confront her about why she's made the choice to sell her body to strangers. 
Blue Bloods|2010|Blue Bloods follows the lives of the NYPD's First Family of Law Enforcement: the Reagans. Frank, the Police Comissioner and son of former PC Henry Reagan, must balance his duties of running the largest police force in the world and being his kids' boss. His daughter Erin is an Assistant District Attorney, son Danny is a senior detective and fellow Marine Veteran, and new Harvard Law grad turned cop, Jamie all swirl through this family drama and passionately defend their city from harm. The Irish-American family is deeply rooted in their patriotism, passion, and love of family. 
Blue Card|2014|Cole is the mob's top hit man, but there's a problem. He's going soft. After he contemplates suicide, his boss Floyd sends him to Dr. Graham, a mob psychiatrist. Has Cole truly seen the light or can Dr. Graham "fix" him and turn him into a killer again? 
Blue Collar Backers|2016|For many people, owning and operating their own business is the ultimate American dream. On average, more than 540,000 new businesses a month will launch in the United States, but what separates a good idea from one that just reads well on paper? Enter the experts who are offering not only a cash investment, but sweat equity to burgeoning businesses. 
Blue Dolphin Kids|2006|Join Ocean and Sky as they go beneath the waves with our friends at Atlantis Adventures. We got a ride aboard the world's largest passenger submarine and dive to depths of nearly 150 feet below the waves of the Pacific Ocean. Then we have some high-flying fun on dirt bikes at a Motorcycle Park on Oahu. 
Blue Drop: Tenshi tachi no gikyoku|2007|All the blue drop stories revolve around a war between humanity and the Arume, an alien race consisting soley of women. Both manga series are set after the war while the anime is set before. The two manga series feature some degree of sexual content; the second manga being considerably more... 
Blue Heelers|1994|The most popular local production on Australian television, Blue Heelers is a weekly police drama based on a fictional bush town called Mount Thomas. Every week there is a different case for Sergeant Tom Croydon, Senior Constable Nick Schultz, Senior Detective PJ Hasham, and Constables Maggie Doyle, Dash McKinley and Adam Cooper to solve. Continuing storylines about the personal lives and relationships of these characters filter into each episode. 
Blue Lagoon|2010|A mirage, a fantasy, a dream come true; a single man, stranded on a deserted island, finds reprise one morning when a boat carrying 5 gorgeous models drops anchor. Luckily for our man, it's not a mirage or a fantasy; it's a dream come true. His only responsibility is to choose one of the five stunning models to spend the entire week on the desert island with. 
Blue Light|1966|An American correspondent pretends to go over to the Nazis in World War II but is instead working for the officially neutral United States against Hitler. 
Blue Mountain State|2010|The team attends a church service before their Charity football game, Randell shows interest in MaryJo and Alex seems a bit jealous even though he refuses to admit it. Thad has a dream that he and the team must be celibate in order to win the games and Coach Enforces it.The team tries and thinks of ways to go without sex and MaryJo uses that to her advantage. Coach and Sammy have a little bonding time. 
Blue Mouse|2014|When 'Alvy', a struggling writer accidentally finds curious 'Blue', he is forced to change his lifestyle. With increasing money woes, he needs to find a job, maintain a relationship with his girlfriend 'Sally', and figure out what to do with Blue. 
Blue Murder|1995|Detective Sergeant Roger "The Dodger" Rogerson got fame because he knew how to take care of most dangerous and violent criminals. His success was, however, also due to the sinister alliance with violent underworld figures like Neddy Smith who got police protection in exchange for tips and money. 
Blue Murder: Killer Cop|2017|A floating body, a drug deal gone wrong, and two former detectives the perpetrators. Life imprisonment is the end of Roger Rogerson's story. The last Blue Murder ended with his expulsion in disgrace from the NSW Police Force. In this instalment, Rogerson struggles to make a living in a world that's rapidly changing, caught between the pressures of criminals, police and a love that might save him. 
Blue Peter|1958|British childrens magazine program which has run since the end of the 50s. Aimed at kids from the age of about 6-14. The show has different segments where the presenters would show the viewers how to make things, how to care for your pet, and other features. 
Blue Planet II|2017|Nearly a generation after the acclaimed Blue Planet documentary was released, David Attenborough returns to narrate this groundbreaking sequel/reboot. Blue Planet ll focuses more heavily on mankind's influence on the world's oceans through both global pollution and climate change. This series features a variety of revolutionary segments never before seen in a video documentary, including: cuttlefish that hypnotize crabs to stun them, giant trevally that leap out of the water to catch low flying birds, and newly discovered dancing yeti crabs. 
Blue Reef Adventures|1996|Blue Reef Adventures is a dive adventure series showing South African wildlife filmmakers, Peter and Stefania Lamberti, travelling to the most exciting dive destinations that Africa and the Indian Ocean Islands have to offer. Encounter astounding and perilous marine life as they explore breathtaking underwater locations from diving with great white sharks off the Cape coast to exploring the shipwrecks of the Red Sea. Join them as they search for the elusive ornate eagle ray of the Maldives and squadrons of hammerhead sharks in Sudan. They brave the deep blue waters of the Indian Ocean in search of the silver tip sharks in the Mozambique Channel as well as the ragged tooth sharks of Aliwal Shoal. Peter and Stefania investigate and dive with the diamond divers, who risk their lives braving the rough seas to retrieve diamonds off the ocean floor. They witness the world's deepest diver, Nuno Gomes, breaking the world record, reaching a depth of almost 300 metres below the water, followed by a gruelling 12-hour journey back to the surface. Not all of these diving adventures are dangerous, our explorers join the gentle whale sharks as they journey down the east coast of Southern Africa, following the plankton rich waters. They glory in the schools of friendly dolphins. This marine mammal strikes the heart of most people and these intelligent creatures seem to enjoy the company of humans, swimming up to them and even riding in the bow waves of their boats. They observe the sea turtles, under severe threat of extinction. Here these two adventurers find the few places where turtles are thriving, witnessing how laboriously the turtle digs her nest to lay eggs, the hatchlings finally emerging and making a perilous dash for the sea. They revel in a stunning underwater interlude with the graceful Manta rays 'flying' through waters with perfect coral reefs and an infinite array of tropical fish. 
Blue Review|2002|From the hottest blue movies to the steamiest websites and magazines, Blue Review is the show that points you to the best in adult entertainment. Presenters Emily Bouffante and Ian Royce combine their industry knowledge with sizzling sexual chemistry to whet your appetite on all things erotic. Sit down and be guided through videos from the high-budget entertainment of America's Jenna Jameson to the more down-to-earth charms of Britain's Ben Dover. 
Blue Seed|1994|Momiji Fujimiya was just an ordinary girl until she learns the hard way about her lineage as the next opponent of supernatural demons who threaten her world when those monsters try to kill her. With the help of a boy called Kusanagi, who cursed to be a superpowerful bodyguard for her, she escapes but not before she is implanted with special crystal called a Blue Seed that allows her to detect the creatures' presence. To protect her and satisfy her demands to help find this menace, she is allowed to join a special government team assembled to fight these monsters. Together, they wage an ongoing war to protect Earth from the supernatural horrors that threaten it. 
Blue Skies Ahead|1960|An info-commercial style advertising campaign for Blue Car European coach tours show during 1960-1961 in fifteen minute segments on British television; screened from 26 December 1960 till 28 January 1961 (once a week for four weeks). The footage was shot like a family home movie, with the camera work done by Nicholas Parsons and Kenneth Fox. 
Blue Steel|2012|In a record store a madman threatens the counter girl; calling her a "bridge troll" and threatening to use "magic missile" on her. "Magic missile" turns out to be a gun. But a very confused Curtis stops the madman before anyone can come to harm. Blue and Red meet to discuss last night's weird events. They soon end up dwelling on old wounds. Melody meets with Howard, it transpires that she, a budding artist has been employed to create a decorative mural for the community centre. Howard disapproves of several of her designs which include Blue Steel as an inspirational figure. Their conversation is interrupted by the arrival of Clementine, Howard's eerily reticent niece. Meanwhile, while out and about Blue and Red encounter escalating bizarre behavior, a bar is beset by two clunky knights searching for a "save point" and place to trade some pelts for gold, two pedestrians walk non stop into a wall and a young man believes he's a wizard - who Blue and Red spot being attacked by the two thugs who earlier beat up Blue. Blue intervenes and this time with Red's reluctant help, triumphs. Melody hoping to present her revised sketches to Howard finds him in a room full of adults playing a familiar computer game. She is confused as he beckons her inside to take part in his "free trial". 
Blue Steele|2017|Blue Steele investigates the crime wave of Vancouver only to discover her friends are truly her enemies. In this 6-part webseries, written and directed by Velasquez, we cover crime and murder, lies and corruption by the very people serving to protect it. 
Blue Thunder|1984|Lt. Frank Chaney of the LAPD is a maverick cop with unorthodox methods who is assigned to the Blue Thunder Team, which uses a very advanced gadget-filled helicopter in its fight against crime. "Blue Thunder" is capable of great speed and maneuverability, can run silently in "whisper mode", and is armed with the most powerful weapons in development. His partner is a fresh-faced rookie with the improbable name of Wonderlove, and ground support is supplied by ex-athletes Ski and Bubba, who drive a sophisticated van. 
Blue Water High|2005|Seven top Australian teenager surfers are selected to live in a training facility attached to a high school. At the end of the year only two will get sponsorship and a wild card onto the Professional Circuit. The series is a race into the finals for the wild card, a race to get through the year, and a race to grow up. The seven teens, forced to live, study and train together-at the same time become best friends and greatest competitors. 
Blue Water|????|A supernatural/sci-fi story about a woman diagnosed with schizophrenia since she was a child. Now she's 28 and her hallucinations are getting worse. She believes that there is something to them, that they're trying to tell her something, as they all center around a little girl she's named Carrot. When she stops taking her anti-psychotic medication, that's when the real visions begin, and lead her down a path she may never return from. 
Blue World|2008|A Sharkwreck mystery Thirty miles off the coast of North Carolina there is a shipwreck on the bottom, 130 feet down. Swarming around the wreck are dozens of Sand Tiger sharks. They look menacing, but they seem to be very docile. What are they all doing there, in one spot? That's what Jonathan wants to find out. Using a variety of filming techniques, Jonathan attempts to discover the secrets of the Sand Tiger shark gatherings at the wrecks, and does the first ever night dive with these sharks...talk about scary! Swimming with Sea Cows When manatees were first seen by Columbus, he thought they were mermaids...but he had been at sea for a long time! Today these gentle marine mammals are threatened by loss of habitat and collisions with boats. This segment explores the endangered manatees of Florida and their struggle to survive, as well as some of the people who are working to save them. The Shark with the Long Tail The Thresher shark may very well be the strangest looking shark in the world, with a tail almost as long as its body. This shark is very rare, almost never seen by divers....until now. Using advanced diving technology, Jonathan visits a remote reef in the Philippines where Thresher sharks show up every morning to be cleaned by small fish. 
Blue Zoo|2014|6 WEEKS. ONE MISSION. TURN 8 TEENAGE ROOKIES INTO MARINE EXPERTS Blue Zoo is an empowering 13-part observational documentary that follows eight young marine animal enthusiasts as they embark on an intense six-week training mission to realize their dreams to work with rescued marine animals and become dolphin and seal trainers. Hailing from Ireland and Australia, our international team of Rookies head to Coffs Harbour, on the coast of eastern Australia, and are thrown in the deep end to learn how to care for and train rescued marine animals. Their hard work culminates in the creation of a brand new dolphin and seal performance that showcases the Rookies' own conservation messages. Throughout their journey the Rookies experience the highs and lows of working with marine animals: from assisting with emergency seal, turtle and dolphin rescues and releases to witnessing the birth of a baby dolphin, to redesigning and building better animal homes to the not so glamorous job of preparing fish buckets and cleaning seal poop at 6 o'clock in the morning. Blue Zoo is packed to the gills with life-changing adventures and life-long friendships and has the Rookies tackling global conservation issues head on. 
Blue|2012|Blue's sister Lara and her friend Satya pay an unexpected visit and take over the apartment just as Josh & Francine's relationship gets serious. Meanwhile, Blue meets a new client with an odd request but she recognizes its lucrative potential. 
Blue's Clues|1996|Blue's Clues is a show where the two main characters are Blue and Steve (1996-2001), or in later episodes, Joe(2001- ). Blue is a dog who always wants to do something but Steve never knows what. Steve interacts with the viewers through the television and they play Blue's clues, to see what Blue wants to do. 
Bluebell Welch|2009|Freshly hatched MTV presenter 'Bluebell Welch' grabs viewers with her unique comic approach to interviewing music celebrities, bands, fans and confused members of the public. Quite how she got the job remains somewhat of a mystery - each interview she conducts is an utter shambles. She is a massive music geek, who knows an unhealthy amount about pop culture and the music world's biggest stars. Her obsessions get the better of her when face to face with her favorite performers- adding a freakishly dark, twisted edge to each meeting. Whilst adoring the stars she meets, she is an absolute ass to everyone else, shouting at her crew and challenging other fans. 
Bluegrass Underground|2011|A musical adventure series emanating from the Volcano Room, a subterranean amphitheater 333 feet below McMinnville, Tennessee at historic Cumberland Caverns. Celebrating the diversity of America's musical heritage with artists from the full spectrum of genres: Bluegrass, yes but also Americana, Country, Soul, Blues, Rock N Roll, Gospel, Folk, and everything between. 
Blueprint for Disaster|2005|The Eschede train disaster occurred on 3 June 1998, near the village of Eschede in the Celle district of Lower Saxony, Germany, when a high-speed train derailed and crashed into a road bridge. 101 people died and around 100 were injured. It remains the worst rail disaster in the history of the Federal Republic of Germany and the worst high-speed-rail disaster worldwide. The cause was a single fatigue crack in one wheel which, when it finally failed, caused the train to derail at a switch. 
Blueprint|1992|A chilling thriller in the shadow of a nuclear power industry and cynical research around human life and death. There power and money means everything, and life nothing. Somebody must stand up and make it plain. Somebody must gather the decisive proof - before it's too late! Gabriella Rydbeck is a member of an overtly militant environmental group who raids a ship loaded with nuclear materials. A short time after, she is taken to hospital with an aggressive form of cancer and dies. Her sister, Isabelle, tries to find out the truth about the nuclear industry and what it is they are trying to hide. 
Blueprint: New York City|2003|Ever walk down a street and spot a building that caught your fancy? Well, the wraps are finally coming off some of the City's most impressive landmarks. Watch Blueprint: New York City, a brand new show that takes you in and around buildings that grab the attention of visitors and native New Yorkers alike. Let NYC TV take you behind the scenes at City Hall, Gracie Mansion and other NYC greats. 
Blues Brothers|????|The series will follow Jake and Elwood Blues, along with the characters within their master blues band, as the boys take their act on the road and back to their native Chicago. Each episode will feature a score and soundtrack curated with the soul, blues and R&B classics and hits performed by the Blues Brothers, as well as new performances made specifically for the show. There will also be special guest appearances from aspiring talent, treasured Blues legends and modern-day superstars. 
Bluestone 42|2013|Bluestone 42 are a British bomb disposal unit in Afghanistan,headed by vain captain Nick Medhurst. They are called out to a routine road-side op with annoying,loud CIA liaison officer Carter but are caught in an ambush,which at least gets rid of Carter for them. In the event the 'bomb' is a Walkman, Back at base Nick tries to impress new chaplain Mary,whilst corporals Simon and Millsy argue over the paper work and female soldier Bird,to the amusement of Scots privates Mac and Rocket,bemoans the destruction of Arthur,the bomb-seeking robot,which ends up getting buried in place of Carter. 
Bluey|1976|3 : A paroled criminal's daughter is kidnapped by two men intent on obtaining money - proceeds from past robberies - that he has hidden away. Blues is - reluctant to get involved, especially when it appears the kidnappers know his every move even before he does. 
Bluf|2014|TjÈ does not know what happens to him when he realizes that only sex is no longer important to him. He is in love. Perhaps for the first time in his life. Hein also seems to have finally snapped when a beautiful woman shows interest in him. Philip has arrived in Spain. He met an old acquaintance from Amsterdam who runs a local bar. What he does not know is that Dries is also in Spain. 
Bluff|2013|Ava's apparently perfect life begins to crumble as boyfriend Cliff finds employment with the mob. Sophia builds Summer's trust, who takes the deal. Claudio's debts render Kathryn homeless, his son Michael now becoming more active in the organization. When off the clock, Ava blows off dangerous steam. Marcy is convinced Summer's best friend, Vicky, has been murdered. 
Blunt Talk|2015|British newscaster Walter Blunt comes to Los Angeles, intent on conquering the world of American cable TV. Through the platform of a nightly interview show, Blunt is on a mission to impart his wisdom and guidance on how Americans should live, think and behave. Unfortunately, Blunt is constantly harassed by interfering network bosses, a dysfunctional news staff, and his numerous ex-wives and children. Blunt must now deal with the fallout from his well-intended but misguided actions, both on and off the air, with only an alcoholic manservant at his side. 
Blusang itim|2011|The story revolves around Jessa, an ugly woman who wants to be accepted by people despite her appearance. She also hopes to be loved by a man wholeheartedly despite her looks. These seems to be possible for Jessa when she wears the mysterious black blouse. The black blouse has a power of making the bearer beautiful. 
Blushing Brides|1998|Television comedienne 'Ulrika Jonsson' (qv) presents a series of comedy programmes where members of the general public volunteer to make a public exhibition of themselves. They do this by allowing videotapes recorded during their disastrous wedding day or honeymoon holidays to be shown and by being interviewed by Ulrika about their misfortune and misadventures. What should be one of the happiest and most memorable days of their lives, for reasons beyond their control turns into a nightmare and becomes unforgettable for all the wrong reasons! 
Blut und Spiele|2007|The Spanish up-and-coming star Jesus Manzano dropped off his bicycle half dead during the Tour de France in 2003 - and then he told all. Raids and half confessions followed, but nothing changed much and the scene kept on being dominated by culprits without morale, doctors without morale, a cartel of fetishists of the performance and hypocrites. Considering the exorbitantly overreaching performance rules, young athletes have no choice: they either dope or they can forget about their career. Officials and sponsors preach the clean sport and at the same time they put the athletes under enormous pressure for success. Lance Armstrong, who won the Tour de France seven times, knew how to handle it: he calculated very precisely the chances that doping offered him and outpaced the other cyclists. In the second episode of "Blood and Circus" we talk to: cycle professionals Jesus Manzano, Jˆrg Jaksche and long time Lance Armstrong's team colleague Frankie Andreu and his wife Betsy Andreu, the president of the world cyclists union UCI, Pat McQuaid, the head Gianluigi Stanga of the cycling Team Milram, doping experts Sandro Donati and Werner Franke, the inventor of the first EPO test, Robin Parisotto, the track and field athlete Kelli White, the Le-Monde journalist Stephane Mandard and the EPO expert of the World Anti Doping Agency WADA, Bengt Saltin and Lance Armstrong's expert and book author David Walsh. 
BlÂ ˆgon|2014|Cheif of staff Elin Hammar continue to investigate the disappearance of Sarah Farzin and a flight ticket provide important information. The minister of justice Elvestad has been asked by the prime minister to stay out of the election campaign. Sofia, daughter of the murdered Annika Nilsson, is leaning more and more towards a far right political stance. She reluctantly allow the right-wing Trygghetspartiet to arrange her mother's funeral but think that more extreme measures are called for. Henrik, one of the terrorists, is having second thoughts about murdering pimps and rapists now that his girlfriend is pregnant. 
Bnei Aruba|2013|After watching the video from Alex's arrest and seeing Ella, Adam looks them up and recruits them again to help him free his daughter in exchange for seats on the plane to Turkey. Together they abduct Lydia and make final preparations for ending the hostages crisis which will include Adam rejoining SWAT for the escort assignment. 
Bo Bay|2011|Piak, a man who was fighting for his life, was born in a very poor family. Therefore, he did many extra jobs to earn money for his tuition fee. Unfortunately, his life was turned upside down making him a prisoner in a jail. At last, he was able to overcome bad fate. As a result of good deeds, he could study in the university and succeed in life. 
Bo on the GO!|2007|A berry shortage hits the castle, and Wizard discovers it's the work of the Berrygrabber, who loves all kinds of berries! Bo and Dezzy have to crawl like Critters to keep out of the way of some silly pie-throwing Clowns, then stomp like Elephants to shake some berries off trees for Teddy Bears, to find the Berrygrabber. 
BoJack Horseman|2014|After failing to become an Oscar nominee, Bojack calls the one person who he knows will respond to him interested in a self hating bender, Sarah Lynn. For weeks, Bojack and Sarah take a road trip though Bojacks recent history, attempting to make amends with all that he has hurt. Through the drug and alcohol fueled trip, he fails to make anyone but himself feel better, while reopening old wounds with Penny, Learning Princess Carolyn has moved on, mistaking a child as Todd, learning that Ana Spankopita sees Bojack on the decline with no intentions of joining him, and role playing to apologize to Diane. After many blackouts and lapses in memory Bojack finally confesses love for Sarah Lynn after realizing that she knows more than anything what made Bojack himself. She realizes she has won an Oscar and spirals herself into self hatred and sadness when Bojack takes her to the Planetarium. As Bojack comes to self actualization and realizes the scope of his life with Sarah, he realizes Sarah is no longer responding. 
Board Culture|2006|Board Culture is a funny and realistic show everyone can enjoy. It features a great group of guys who have a strong presence and who are making some noise at national level contests and as hosts of professional demos. This will help push Moncton skateboarding to a greater level of recognition. These guys are not acting, they don't play it up for the camera, they are the real deal. They are skateboarders and they love it. 
Board James|2009|James, Mike and Bootsy play a rather confusing murder-mystery game on Halloween night. When things get too cryptic, Mike and Bootsy attempt to leave, only to discover James is holding them against their will. But that's not all they discover about their maniacal friend. 
Board with Life|2013|It's time for GAME CON! Will Jonathan get Brittany a ticket? Can the group ever learn to be more welcoming to outsiders? Who is this Bruce guy Jonathan always mentions? All your questions will finally be answered in this very different sort of episode that marks the FINALE of season 2! 
Boarding House Number 24|2014|A man discovers he fathered a child 24 years ago. There are six possible candidates who could be his child, and he invites them all to stay at his boarding house until he uncovers which one it is. While living together, the six young adults engage in various hijinks and relationships with one another as they grow into adults. 
Boarding House: North Shore|2003|During the first day of women's competition, Holly's discipline pays off while Veronica's party-girl lifestyle affects her performance. Elsewhere, Sunny and Damien compete in the second round of the Hawaiian Pro; and Sunny lives up to his bad-boy rep. 
Boardwalk Empire|2010|Set in the Prohibition era of the 1920s Boardwalk Empire is the story of Enoch "Nucky" Thompson, the treasurer of Atlantic County, Atlantic City, New Jersey. Due to his relationships with mobsters as well as political contacts, the Federal Government start to take an interest in him. His lavish lifestyle seems at odds with his position, and as well as his connections, there is prolific bootlegging in the area. 
Boars & Hunters|2014|Wild boars, tens of wild boars that frenetically run in the dense forest. Every hunter dreams of this. And now we will show it to you. We will experience unforgettable hunting adventures. We will cross four continents searching for the most attractive wild boar hunting. You will see with your eyes the way warthog is being hunted down in Africa and how pigs grown wild are being shot in Australia. We will stalk for trophy boars in Europe and will take part in hunting battues in Asia. Share the thrill of the furious wild boars encounter with the fearless dogs and see the outcome of this dynamic hunting full of adrenaline that the dangerous encounters of - hunters and wild boars bring about. 
Bob & Andrew|2010|Bob must find a way to let Lauren know he's gay without confronting her directly. Because he's awkward and newly out of the closet. Andrew suggests Bob find a convenient boyfriend and let Lauren see them together thereby inferring Bob's sexuality without them ever having to talk about it. However, this turns out to be more complicated than originally planned. 
Bob Caputo's Cookin' Lite Cookin' Easy|????|Bob Caputo's Cookin' Lite Cookin' Easy is Big on Flavor, Big on Health, and Small on Effort! Cookin' Lite Cookin' Easy will show you amazing and tasty, healthy meals and fantastic desserts that you and your guests will love. If you have children, Cookin' Lite Cookin' Easy is a perfect fit because our meals are designed for both adults and children to enjoy. Imagine being able to prepare and serve your family healthy meals that they will want to eat. In addition, all of Cookin' Lite Cookin' Easy's recipes are easy to make. Simple step by step instructions are provided and all preparation techniques are explained. All meals on Cookin' Lite Cookin' Easy can be quickly made after a hard day at work, as most are designed to be completed in 20 minutes or less. Cookin' Lite Cookin' Easy recipes are made with ingredients that you will have in your pantry. Ingredient substitutions are explained to take advantage of whatever you may already have at home. Also, different levels of calorie, carb and fat content for the recipes are presented on Cookin' Lite Cookin' Easy episodes, and online. We tell you what options you have depending on your health and weight goals. 
Bob Enyart Live|1994|The informative and insightful Christian talk show host you thought couldn't exist, Bob Enyart has been debating guests and callers for over 15 years. His confrontational approach intrigues those who think that Christian talk shows only want money or are unrealistically "nice." No topic too sensitive, Bob describes himself best: "America's most popular, self-proclaimed, right-wing religious fanatic, homophobic, anti-choice talk show host." The show takes a biblical approach to current events with startling clarity. 
Bob Gratton, ma vie/My Life|2007|La toute premiËre tÈlÈ-rÈalitÈ plus vraie que nature au QuÈbec, o˘ les petits dÈtails de la vie quotidienne deviennent des ÈvÈnements lorsqu'ils son vÈcus par notre mÈga Bob Gratton. Nous serons les tÈmoins privilÈgiÈs de ses premiËres expÈriences dans une soirÈe pour cÈlibataires, ses premiËres expÈriences dans un centre de thalassothÈrapie et de sa participation au DÈfilÈ de la FiertÈ Gaie en tant que ´guÈrisseur d'homosexuelsª. 
Bob Hope Presents the Chrysler Theatre|1963|Legendary entertainer Bob Hope hosted, and occasionally starred in, one of the last major anthology series on network television. Dramatic and comedy shows were presented, featuring many of Hollywood's top names, including quite a few who didn't do much television otherwise. Every month or so, Hope would host a variety special in the show's time slot. On those occasions, the show was titled "Chrysler presents a Bob Hope Special". As can be seen from the various hosts listed, many of these shows were shown in reruns, usually as a summer replacement series, during the late 1960s and early 1970s. 
Bob Martin|2000|Michael Barrymore returns in his award-winning role as the troubled daytime game show host Bob Martin, a hopeless man who is willing to do anything he needs to to get what he wants. Still standing behind him is his Quickfire team lead by his campy producer Greg (Denis Lawson). 
Bob Massi Is the Property Man|2015|The premiere of the real estate series examines the pros and cons of homeowner associations; tours mobster Frank "Lefty" Rosenthal's former home, which features a bullet-proof glass wall; and visits the exclusive Ridges community in Las Vegas. 
Bob Morane|1998|Professor Harrambour has built a submarine using a new material called kearnalumine. It will allow him and Bob to reach Atlantis. But Ylang Ylang wants the formula. An epic struggle ensues on the ocean floor among the giant octopus and floating mines. 
Bob Patterson|2001|With Bob's career and personal life in rut, Bob attempts to turn things around by getting his writing done and asking out the hot water delivery girl, but just as things are going well, nobody will leave him alone and this his wife -- who had run away and left him -- shows back up. 
Bob Servant Independent|2013|Bob Servant is a local "worthie" in the town of Broughty Ferry, infamous for his participation in the area's "Burger Wars", who decides to run in the upcoming by-election as an Independent Candidate. His lack of thought prior to speaking leads him into some funny situations and lots of trouble. 
Bob Servant|2014|Whilst Bob is doing business from his water burger disco Hendo appears with Megan and Bob loses control, ending up in court on an assault charge, having dropped a bin bag full of frozen burgers onto Hendo. With an inept lawyer Objection O'Malley Bob decides to defend himself but his theatrical style and Hendo's exaggeration of his injuries do not go well for him until he has a final, winning ploy to clear his name. 
Bob a Bobek, kr·lÌci z klobouku|1979|A cartoon series starring two rabbits who live in a magician's top hat. Bob and Bobby are two fun little characters who think up something new to do every day. Even with the best of intentions sometimes things go wrong, but their jolly adventures usually have a practical message: exercising is healthy, work can be fun, and sharing is a great way to be a good friend. Bob and Bobby also tell kids to never cheat, be lazy or start fights - and also that it's wise to eat plenty of carrots. 
Bob and Margaret|1998|Animated British TV series which follows the adventures of a married couple, Bob and Margaret Fish. Bob is a dentist and Margaret is a Chiropodist. They have no children. The show turns every-day occurrences such, as going to the grocery store, into comedic outings. 
Bob and Vargas|2017|A comedy series about straight-laced Bob and his hard-ass brother-in-law Vargas. Broke-ass Vargas gets an early release from the Big House and moves into Bob and Samantha's little-ass-LA-house. With Vargas offering no assistance with the mortgage payment, and sleeping on the couch, Bob can do nothing but help Vargas acclimate to "life on the outside", but Vargas has a hard time leaving his hardened ways behind. In the process, Vargas teaches Bob some lessons in gaining self-respect - prison style. 
Bob the Builder|1998|Bob and the team are asked to build a giant games testing area, but when Leo fails to follow instructions, the opening is in danger of going very wrong. Bob and the team are creating a Soft Play CafÈ for Chef Tattie. Leo is asked to DJ at the opening, but this extra duty distracts him from his job. 
Bob the Builder, Lisa, Wildlife and James the Cat|2000|Watch the perfect mix of colorful shows for young children: . Bob the Builder . Lisa . Wildlife . James the Cat. Dig with Bob the Builder and his team as they get to work with lightning speed, see the world through the eyes of Lisa; in her universe, strange things can happen, visit the magical Kingdom of Wildlife; where the brightest creatures have stories to tell, and finally, sing with James the Cat; who purrs with charm 
Bob's Beach|2003|Bob gets lost in a thick fog and finds himself in the sunken city of the Wirwindi . Has he traveled back through time? The Wirwindi celebrate, Bob the Rapper, like a God and even build a statue in his honour. When Bob finally gets back to his friends, they think it's a great story but don't believe a word he says. 
Bob's Burgers|2011|Bob's Burgers centers on the Belcher family (consists of Bob, Linda, Tina, Gene and Louise) who own a hamburger restaurant. Bob's burgers are really delicious and appear to be better than his rivals' but when it comes to selling burgers, his kids aren't really helpful, as more customers head over to Jimmy Pesto's restaurant. Bob Belcher and wife, Linda, love one other and their kids: Tina, Gene and Louise. Together, they run Bob's Burgers where the food is great but life always gets in the way of business. Bob Belcher, a father with bad luck, runs his Burger restaurant with his three mischievous children and his wife, Linda. Gene, the only son, is eleven and will do anything for anything to nothing. Tina, the eldest, who is 13, is lost looking for a love that always seems to come to Jimmy Pesto Jr, the son of Bobs competition restaurant owner. And the youngest child, Louise, is a crazy, power-loving, somewhat-creepy little 9 year-old girl. Linda is a singer, and always has a glass of wine in her hand. Even with the crazy events going on, Bob and his family always pull through and it always has hilarious results. 
Bobby Flay's Barbecue Addiction|2011|Bobby Flay is known for his barbecue so this is the perfect show for him to showcase his barbecuing skills. In this series, Flay takes outdoor grilling to the next level by showcasing his expert grilling techniques in surprising ways. The chef, surrounded by a sea of grills and his favorite grilling tools, uses flavor-packed ingredients from around the world to transform a backyard into a mecca of barbecue deliciousness. 
Bobby G: Adventure Capitalist|2008|In the Bahamas, business takes a backseat to personal matters. Bobby finds a unique way of subverting the waiting list at Nassau's most elite elementary school, and his latest house-hunt takes him to some of the island's most incredible mansions. 
Bobby's Dinner Battle|2013|After scouting Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles, Northern New Jersey and New York for outstanding home cooks, Bobby Flay chooses three teams per city to compete against each other to be crowned their city's best. Using their home-grown kitchen skills and creativity, each team has a limited budget and three hours to turn a secret theme into a spectacular three-course dinner party for Bobby, their competitors and special guests. 
Bobby's Story: The Vine|2014|Whike rKung on the role of showrunner as well first-time Series Producer under his company's umbrella, Acclaim theatricals LLC is in pre-production for a number of Pilots multi-season dramas and feature film Productions Slater through 2019. 
Bobby's World|1990|The Generics (Uncle Ted included) go camping in Canada, much to Derek and Kelly's dismay. Despite such setbacks as rain and boring fishing trips, Bobby determines to have as good a time as possible - and manages to meet some colorful locals along the way. 
Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo|2003|In the 31st Century, Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo is an incredible and outlandish renegade who fights against the Margarita Empire and his leader, Tsuru Tsuruiina IV, accompanied of the girl Beauty, the crazy Don Patch and other friends so crazies like him. With his magical afro blonde hair and his buddies, Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo will fights against the Hair Hunters to save the world and to free it from the evil emperor's power and his plot to turn bald to all mankind. 
Bobtales|1998|In a series of thirteen five minute Aboriginal Dreamtime stories, from various areas of Western Australia, Bobtales tells stories about how some of the native animals got to look the way they do, and how the moon and some of the stars got into the sky. With animation based on the drawings of Aboriginal children throughout the State, Bobtales is imaginative, colourful and entertaining. Episodes: Why the Echidna Has Quills The Emu, the Brolga and the Eagle The Legend of the Kwilena Three Springs (The Story of Cooking) Why the Numbat has stripes / Why the Chudich has spots and the Emu can't fly Meeak Mia / The Story of Wilara How Norn the Snake got the Poison / The Great Eye Swap The Dove and the Mountain Devil Waitj and the Djindong The Kingfisher Tribe Younger and Maak How the Parrots got their Colours The Story of the Southern Cross. 
Boca do Lixo|1990|In Rio Negro, S„o Paulo, the powerful and wealthy industrial Henrique Ribeiro gets married to the desired famous actress Cl·udia Toledo. Every night, Henrique finds excuses to leave Cl·udia alone on the bed, and when she decides to investigate if Henrique has a mistress, she surprisingly discloses that he is gay. He proposes a deal to her: if she keeps the appearance of a good marriage for two years, he would give a fortune to her. When Cl·udia has an affair with the construction foreman Tom·s, he convinces Cl·udia that Henrique shall be killed and plots a plan. After the death of Henrique, Cl·udia finds that he had embezzled millions of dollars from his company and sold all his real estates to his partner Junqueira including their house. The detective Ciro, in charge of the case of the disappearance of Henrique, maintains with perseverance the investigation of the suspects Cl·udia and Tom·s. When Cl·udia sees Henrique in her house in the night, he freaks out, leading the inquiry into another direction. 
Bocce Ballers|2014|Bocce is a game of passion. This is the mantra of the Bianchi family. Sal and Patrizia Bianchi were bocce royalty until Sal's temper got them ejected from the league in 1995. Now Sal hopes his sons Julian and Michael will carry on the family legacy, while Patrizia hopes the sport will ignite a passion that will finally lead to grandbabies! And daughters-in-law Lindsay and Kristen just want to know what they've gotten themselves into. What happens when pressure, passion, and family planning collide? Find out in this mockumentary set in the competitive world of bocce. 
Bod|1975|A fondly remembered British children's animated show. Bod is a curious little boy who lives in a small town. Bod has four friends who live nearby and in most editions of the show he meets up with all of them at some point. Bod's friends are Aunt Flo - a little old lady. Frank - the local postman. P.C. Copper - the local policeman and Farmer Barleymow - a local farmer. Each character has their own signature tune. The group have some very small scale adventures often with some moral to them and frequently quite surreal. Every edition of the show originally featured a segment entitled Alberto Frog and his Amazing Animal Band, but a number of these segments are now thought lost. The main story is narrated by John Le Mesurier of Dad's Army fame. 
Bodega|2018|This documentary asks Bodega owners, their staff, and their suppliers what their dreams are and what version of the American Dream they are looking to fulfill. During the pursuit of answering these questions, we are seeking to understand the relationship between the people behind counter, and the people that they are serving non-stop - the ever-growing "hipster" population. In order to properly research this question we need to get both sides. This documentary asks Bodega owners, their staff, and their suppliers what their dreams are and what version of the American Dream they are looking to fulfill. During the pursuit of answering these questions, we are seeking to understand the relationship between the people behind counter, and the people that they are serving non-stop - the ever-growing "hipster" population. 
Bodger and Badger|1989|Mrs Dribelle sends her nasty assistant, Elton, to intimidate Bodger into leaving the flat. After Badger hits him on the head with a frying pan, Elton is determined to catch him and get Bodger thrown out for breaking the rule of "No animals allowed." 
Bodies of Work|2011|Thomas Rotterdam is an alpha dog doctor, who loses his medical license due to rule-breaking, and lousy people skills. He's a genius when working with the body, and recognizes that bodies tell stories. He becomes a super-trainer (getting financing from suspect backers) to open his own gym. Bodies of Work-NYC is a fitness church whose commandment is "Your body's a temple. Attract worshippers." It's run by Neyda Farris, former U. N. worker who realizes only body and soul are universal. She spars with Thomas while juggling her buff, bizarre staff. Some trainers love what they do. For others, Bodies of Work-NYC is a pit-stop on the way to different dreams. 
Bodies|2004|There's always a sinking feeling you get when you see an expectant couple walk into the South Central labour ward full of hope, and you know they're going to end up with him pale as a sheet and her looking like an extra in a slasher movie. But there are surprises tonight. The gore factor is slightly lower than usual; Rob gallantly offers Maya some advice about hospital romances; Polly gets a kick in the teeth from the drug company man; and Chrissy worries about Whitman's manner with female medical students. What's the surprise there? Ah, he has a magnificent ace up his sleeve. 
Bodo|2016|November of 1916. Young Eugeniusz Bohdan Junod prepares himself for upcoming final exams. He enjoys spending his free time at his father's cinema - URANIA. Eugeniusz is also distracted by Ada who he loves. He doesn't do well at school and it is revealed that Ada doesn't love him, so he decides to pursue his acting career. 
Bodrum Masali|2016|It is a drama/comedy series about a very rich family living Istanbul who had to move to Bodrum because of financial problems. As Bodrum is the city where the parents were born old relationships surface and a lot of new ones are about to form. On the other the father, Evren, made some decisions leading to his struggle with the police and the other family members. 
Body & Soul|1993|A nun, played by Kristin Scott Thomas, leaves the convent temporarily to help save her family knitting mill from bankruptcy following the death of her brother. Outside the convent she becomes a fairly shrewd businesswoman and feels attracted to one of the men who work at the mill, and thus begins to feel conflict about her religious vows. 
Body Bizarre|2013|BODY BIZARRE traverses the globe, uncovering stories of people with rare anomalies. Some of these conditions have left the medical world baffled, while others require surgery so intricate and demanding that the odds of survival are minimal at best. Each hour-long episode takes viewers behind the headlines to shed light on what life is like for the incredible individuals who live with these afflictions, from being born with an extra-long neck to having sideways feet. Through personal interviews and a look at the science behind their ailments, BODY BIZARRE provides a diverse perspective of the unknown while unveiling humanity at its best. 
Body Buds|2015|In the early 90s, Body Buds was Canada's most popular 90-second health and fitness segment on TV. Hosts Tyler and Taylor encouraged Canadians to eat sensibly, exercise mildly, and eat donuts occasionally. Then, the fitness world got faster, harder, and way crazier, and Body Buds faded into obscurity. Until now. Body Buds is back and Tyler and Taylor have only one goal: to once again make Body Buds the most popular fitness segment on Canadian TV. It's not going to be easy. Tyler and Taylor are out of touch, out of shape, and they have a powerful enemy: Canada's reigning extreme fitness leader Shayne D. Is Canada ready to revisit Body Buds' relaxed brand of health and fitness? Stay tuned, and remember Canada, "Get fit...Just a bit!" 
Body Image|2006|Paul Lowe is a small man coping very well in a big world, even though short men are known to earn less, be less attractive to women and face practical problems such as, in his case, reaching urinal toilets. At 4ft 8inches, Paul asks other short men if they feel affected by society's attitudes 
Body Jumpers Resurrection|2016|A new villain lets his presence be known. Sonja takes her first steps to making up for the damage she has done with her hacking skills. Nova discovers how to do more things with her power suit and Glitter Girl makes an interesting discovery. 
Body Jumpers|2012|The award winning series returns with another exciting episode. Viper continues her search to free her old master. Shia'ra and Agent Darius reunite with an old friend. Russian government operative Maya searches for more answers.Agent Nexus travels to section 327. Seraphim and Kora team up against a common Foe. 
Body Language|1984|Charades have long been a staple of TV game shows, and "Body Language" provided a return to the durable format. Two contestants, each paired with a celebrity, competed in this game. In round one, the celebrity member of the team pantomimes as many of five words or phrases as possible to the contestant in 60 seconds. Each correctly-guessed word is placed in an often-puny word puzzle containing seven blanks; at least two spaces will always be left blank. If the contestant correctly guessed the puzzle, he/she won $100; an incorrect guess allowed the contestant member of the opposing team to fill in any one of the remaining blanks. Round 2 was played identically, with the contestant members of the team pantomiming the clues and the celebrities trying to decipher the puzzles; correct guesses were now worth $250. The first team to reach $500 won the game and advanced to the two-stage bonus game. A playoff was played if neither team reached $500, with the contestants shown a new word puzzle with seven blanks and the contestants simply calling out numbers to fill in the spaces. In the first half of the bonus game, the contestant had 60 seconds to guess as many of 10 words or phrases as possible pantomimed by his/her celebrity partner, with each word worth $100. The contestant could multiply his/her winnings by 10 by guessing three additional words or phrases within 20 seconds (e.g., if the contestant won $600 in the first half, he/she would play for $6,000); up to $10,000 was possible. If the contestant failed to guess all three words or phrases, his/her winnings were unchanged. Contestants could lose twice before defeated; surpassing CBS' $25,000 (later, $50,000) limit retired the contestant undefeated. 
Body Story 2|2001|Graphics and drama combine to reveal more of the hidden workings of the human body. In this week's Body Story we discover how our bodies turn against us to give us allergies - and even threaten our lives. A simple wasp sting triggers cells throughout Phoebe's skin to make her fatally allergic to wasps. When she's stung again, on a Florida beach holiday, Phoebe's body mounts one of its most primitive and powerful chemical defences, one that could kill her in minutes. As she goes into anaphylactic shock, she starts to swell up, her airways shut down and her heart falters. Her only hope is urgent hospital treatment - if she can get there in time. 
Body and Soul|2004|Geoff Druett hosts a series considering the differing religious beliefs of the people of the UK's Yorkshire region. Over six programs Body and Soul looks at Christianity, Judaism, Buddhism, Hinduism and Islam. Guests include rock star Rick Wakeman and reality TV star Justine Selman. Rev. Stephen Brown and Tony Earnshaw comment on the controversy surrounding the release of Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ. 
Body of Evidence|2001|A woman is found murdered in her bathtub. With a string of similar assaults in the area investigators must determine if a serial predator is on the loose or the death of the woman is an isolated crime. Police turn to criminal Profiler, Dayle Hinman to help decipher the clues in this baffling investigation. 
Body of Proof|2011|Having lost her medical license in the aftermath of a family tragedy, Megan Hunt M.D. joined the medical examiners and proved herself a forensic genius. Yet even diplomatic Medico-legal Investigator Pete Dunlop can't prevent her arrogant attitude and total disregard for any authority or social norm to cause grave aggravation all around. Still, as long as the perpetrators suffer most, the bulldozer approach pays off on the balance. 
Bodycount|2013|A young guy loses his memory after an attempt of murder from four criminals. The only event he can remember is his sister's killing. With the code name "7" and with the help of two surgeons who change his look with face transplants, he is recruited by a secret criminal organization in order to kill seven people - included the criminals who murdered his sister - and get his revenge. 
Bodyguard|2018|Set in and around the corridors of power, Bodyguard tells the fictional story of David Budd, a heroic but volatile war veteran now working as a Specialist Protection Officer for the Royalty and Specialist Protection Branch of London's Metropolitan Police Service. When he is assigned to protect the ambitious and powerful Home Secretary Julia Montague, whose politics stand for everything he despises, Budd finds himself torn between his duty and his beliefs. Responsible for her safety, is he actually her biggest threat? 
Bodyguards|1996|After two serous breaches of security, including an assassination, Commander MacIntyre is ordered to create a new amalgamated bodyguard force called the Close Protection Group. This series follows this organization's missions as they use their vital skills to spot and prevent threats to their assigned principals, even as ruthless assassins plot to strike. 
Bodyline|1984|Dramatization of the 1932/33 Test cricket series between England and Australia. Played in Australia, the series gained notoriety in Australian and worldwide cricketing history for the fact that the English team (headed by captain Douglas Jardine) applied a bowling technique called "leg theory", or more commonly, Bodyline. This technique involved bowlers bowling the ball directly at the batsman's body, and resulted in many of the Australian team receiving numerous bruises and injuries, with batsman Bert Oldfield sustaining a cracked skull. The series generated much anger and resentment towards the English team within Australia and seriously damaged Anglo-Australian cricketing relations at the time. 
Bodyshock|2003|Eight-year-old Josie was born a boy but has been living as a girl for two years since revealing the full extent of his feelings about his identity to his mother. Kyla is also eight. She was born a boy but loves anything pink and sparkly, has grown his hair, and is preparing to return for school after summer dressed as a girl for the first time. They have both been diagnosed with gender dysphoria. Sixteen-year-old Chris, who was born a girl, started testosterone treatment at 14. He now has a deep voice and plentiful body hair, and shaves regularly. These children and their parents reveal what it is like to face life-changing questions, giving a frank insight into a subject most people never have to consider. 
Bodytalk|2002|Part one of a series, this episode is Talking Bottoms - It features a table dancer, an artist who specialise in painting women's bottoms, someone who claims to be able to tell your future by reading the lines on your bottom, a Spanish dancer who uses her bottom in the most seductive ways, and a Teesside dominatrix who talks about the pleasures of spanking... 
Boeketje Vlaanderen|1984|In this touristic format, host Gerty Christoffels presented various visits to all sorts of somehow notable places, monuments, museums, landscapes, nature reserves, hiking and biking trails, fun attractions, local traditions and specialties etc., mainly in Flanders (hence the Dutch title "A posy of Flanders"), mainly less-known, where the viewer with or without offspring might wish to spend a day, a weekend or even longer to learn, play and/or just relax. 
Boffins|1993|Boffins follows the adventures of four tiny furry alien-like creatures known as Boffins, who spend their days in kitchen cupboards and surrounding areas, trying to discover the science behind how the world works, Madame Curie and Aristotle are very close to some of the answers, but Newton and Echo, the young boffins from the house next door are only interested in having fun. 
Bogan Bachelor|2016|The gals meet our bachelor Dazza, but all it not as glamorous as it appears to be; as instead of living in a mansion, the girls find out they are to stay at Dazza's house. Our host, Brad, has entanglements with the local police, and even the executive producer turns up. 
Bogan Family Films|2010|Matt and Chris are two brothers who have shared a dream since childhood. To make a high budget epic time travel movie called Timecock about how much they hate their older brother Darryl. Currently they're grown men, broke and living in Darryl's garage. 
Bogan Pride|2008|An intelligent teenage fugly, Jenny Cragg, who lives in the suburb Boonelg with her mother, Berenice Cragg, who is now extremely over weight and has isolated herself in her bedroom. With the help of her two religious best friends Amy Lee and Nigella, who are lesbians, and her inspiration Nick (Neighbour), Jenny strives to enter a dance battle, in hope that she wins $10 000 for her Mum's stomach stapling operation, whilst along the way she'll gain the heart of her crush (Nick), with the help of lesbians become closer to God and get revenge on the school skanks. 
Bogart|1985|Bogart was Denmark's most famous film review program. The title sequence referenced "Casablanca", and host Ole Michelsen often wore a Bogart-esque hat and (from 1991) rated the films on a scale of 1 to 5 hats. Michelsen had once worked as an assistant to Jean-Pierre Melville and was famous for an alleged preference for French cinema. The show went through many format changes, but often featured studio interviews and reports from the Cannes festival. 
Bognor|1981|When a newspaper gossip columnist is found murdered, the paper's proprietor asks Parkinson to assign a discreet specialist to the case. With no one else on duty, the department head sends Bognor along - and not for the first time, the agent puts his life on the line to bring a murderer to justice. 
Bogoshipda|2012|The drama revolves around a guy and a girl, who both experience a painful end to their first loves at the tender age of 15, and then meet again as adults by playing game of love hide and seek. Han Jung Woo has been a homicide detective for 2 years and he is looking for his childhood love, Lee Se Yeon. Lee So Yeon is a fashion designer and often dream of Han Jung Woo searching for her. Meanwhile, Kang Hyung Joon is a cold-hearted, charismatic fund manager, who tries to take revenge on Han Jung Woo because of the troubled relationship within their family. 
Boing the Play Ranger|2011|Our Play Rangers and playville's kids are playing baseball game. Poor Dexter who is the last runner loses his game. Dexter wants to show Woofy and Chesmore that he can do better at blow bubble gum! Therefore, the bubble gum contest begins. Dexter finally, makes giant bubble but sudden gust of winds float him into the air. It is Play Ranger's team work time to rescue him! The Rangers are on the Yay! Field practicing their rock climbing skills when the Gorilla Family shows up in their brand new banana-shaped mobile camper. Suddenly, a tornado whips up out of the sky, picks up the camper, and hurls it into the air, finally landing high on a mountain ledge, leaving the family and their new camper stranded. The Rangers are dispatched to help the Gorilla family. 
Boink|????|The Santa Monica office of dating app Boink'r isn't your typical work environment. These hipster app gurus seem to know everything about relationships - except their own. The characters range from desperately co-dependent to nauseously narcissistic as they attempt to find meaningful connections of their own. It's what would happen if "Girls" integrated with "Workaholics." The series starts by following Summer Davis, an event planner, on her first day of work at Boink'r. Soon Summer finds herself in a love triangle, planning a large-scale mixer for the app's users, and possibly jobless when someone blackmails the company. 
Boiseu|2017|Moo Jin-Hyuk (Jang Hyuk) was a popular detective who solved major cases, but after his wife was murdered by a serial killer his life spiraled down. He is filled with guilt that he was not able to protect his wife and he secretly looks for her killer. Meanwhile, Kang Kwon-Joo (Lee Ha-Na) graduated at police academy with top marks. She began to work at an emergency 112 call center. Working there, a brutal murder case takes place and her father/police sergeant went to the crime scene. Her father is killed there and Kwon-Joo hears what happened over the phone. Afterwards, she goes to the U.S. to study and comes back to Korea as a professional voice profiler. Detective Jin-Hyuk and Kang Kwon-Joo solve cases together. Chasing a serial killer responsible for the deaths of their family member. 
Boj|2014|Mr Cloppity gets stuck up high in his cherry picker! Boj improvises with an exercise trampoline to get him down - and inspires all his buddies to get bouncing for apples.Mr Cloppity gets stuck up high in his cherry picker! Boj improvises with an exercise trampoline to get him down - and inspires all his buddies to get bouncing for apples. 
Bojhena Se Bojhena|2013|Bojhena Se Bojhena is a Bengali romantic soap opera aired on Star Jalsha, a tale of romance between the arrogant Bengali cosmopolitan tycoon Aranya Singha Roy and small town girl innocent but free spirited Pakhi from Malda (Bengal) attracted to each other and their intense love-hate relationship culminating into marriage. Subsequently how the couple go through difficult periods , trials and triumphs. The world of the Singha Roy's and the Ghosh Dastidars - how these families adjust and support this romance. The last episode telecast is on 18 June 2016. 
Bokaat Daw|2001|A comic series that relates to the issues, sufferings, and occurrences in the daily lives of the Arabic citizens especially that of the Syrians. In each episode there are multiple short stories each one with a plot of its own whereby it relates to social, political, psychological, physical, and other aspects that may be of a great interest to this area's population. The show introduces its subjects critically yet in a comic way to be able to entertain and attract the viewers. 
Boku dake ga inai machi|2016|Struggling manga author Satoru Fujinuma is beset by his fear to express himself. However, he has a supernatural ability of being able to prevent deaths and casualties by being sent back in time before an incident occurrs, repeating time until it is prevented. One day, he gets involved in a catastrophic affair that turns him into a criminal. Desperate to prevent the incident, he gets sent back in time only to find himself as a grade-schooler. Satoru brings himself to a new journey; using his abilty to prevent the past from changing into a deplorable future. A 29 year old man lives a quiet and peaceful life working at a pizza place when he is experiencing a strange phenomenon he calls 'Revival'. When 'Revival' happens, Satoru Fujinuma is brought back up to 5 minutes in the past where he must prevent a tragedy from happening, like an accident. One day, he gets falsely accused of murder and the phenomenon occurs but this time, he gets back 18 years in the past which is during his middle school period. With the mind of a 29 years old adult and the body of a child, he needs to find out what he must change to revoke this accusation and get back in the present. 
Boku no Hero Academia|2016|In a world populated with superhumans, the superhero-loving Izuku Midoriya is without power. However, after the Quirkless dreamer Izuku inherits the powers of the world's best superhero, All Might, his hopes of becoming the top hero are now possible. Once enrolled in the high school for heroes, U.A., Izuku soon discovers being a hero is much more complicated than it appears. 
Boku no Piko|2006|Boku no Piko is a hentai shotacon yaoi anime mini-series. It consists of four episodes: Boku no Piko (My Pico), Piko to Chiko (Pico to Chico), Piko: Boku no Chiisana Natsu Monogatari (Pico: My Little Summer Story), & Piko x Coco x Chiko (Pico x Coco x Chico). It is produced by Natural High. It is censored and English subtitled. 
Boku no chiky˚ on mamotte|1993|High school student Alice Sakaguchi has been having consistent but strange dreams: she dreams she is an extraterrestrial being living on the moon and monitoring the Earth. These dreams are too strange - and too real - for her to ignore them, and her curiosity deepens when she learns other people are having similar "moon" dreams, including her neighbor Rin Kobayashi and her two classmates Jinpachi and Issei. Soon the four friends meet three other students with moon dreams like them, and the group of seven start to fix together the events and from within their dreams. They uncover a startling truth: the dreams are actually memories of past lives - all seven had been a community of alien scientists who were stationed on the moon to observe and study the Earth. But they discover that the community came to a mysterious and tragic end... and the group faces a disturbing idea: could the deeds, events and memories of a previous incarnation impact on a current one? The group now strives to deal with what happened in their old lives, and struggles to prevent their past avatars from controlling their present ones. 
Boku no ita jikan|2014|Fourth year university student Sawada Takuto is having a tough time looking for a job. The eldest son of the director of a hospital, Takuto's parents had expected him to become a doctor, but they began to focus their hopes on his younger brother Rikuto instead, some time during his junior high school. Although Takuto is popular and good at befriending ladies, he has no confidence that he will be loved and thus avoids deep emotional involvement with anyone. One day, he is informed that he does not have long to live because he is suffering from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), an incurable, progressive neurodegenerative disease. Takuto, who had given only vague thoughts to his goals in life, starts to explore what is left of his life and live with a positive attitude. 
Boku no sekusharu harasumento|1994|Mochizuki is a young business man who works in an office. While doing his job, his boss, Honma, comes in and starts to fondle him. Honma says that Mochizuki should be expected to do stuff so he can climb the ladder to become a successful business man. Mochizuki then starts to sleep with other men so he can become successful. Some men think Mochizuki is sexy, so they then force themselves onto Mochizuki. 
Boku no yabai tsuma|2016|Mochizuki Kohei married Maria, the beautiful and talented daughter of a wealthy family. He quit his job at a medium-sized advertising agency to run a cafe and appears to have everything going well with him. Although Kohei pretends to be the perfect husband, he feels suffocated by his wife's consideration and restrictions and plots her murder at the instigation of his cafe partner and lover Kitasato Anna. However, the situation drastically changes just as he makes the decision to kill Maria. When Kohei returns home, she has been kidnapped and the kidnapper demands an enormous ransom. To make things worse, he is made a suspect at some point in this kidnapping case and driven into a corner. In the middle of this, Maria's frightening true face which was completely unknown to Kohei gradually emerges. 
Boku to Kanojo no XXX|2005|When her mad scientist grandfather accidentally switches their bodies--it's freaky Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and every day. Akira Uehara is mortified when his best buddy starts hitting on "him," and is embarrassed to look at "himself" in the mirror in her underwear. He can't wait to get back to being a boy. But Nanako Momoi has other ideas--she is starting to enjoy life in Akira's body. 
Boku to kanojo to kanojo no ikiru michi|2004|Tetsuro Koyanagi (Tsuyoshi Kusanagi of J-pop group SMAP), a workaholic, is caught off-guard one day by his wife's sudden request for a divorce. He fails to take her seriously, and she leaves him, running off to Paris. However, she also leaves behind their young daughter, Rin (adorably portrayed by Karen Miyama). Tetsuro has not played much of a part in raising Rin, but he learns what being a father means to him, as well as what he really wants in life, with emotional support from Rin's English teacher Yura Kitajima (Koyuki). 
Boku wa tomodachi ga sukunai|2011|The Neighbors Club will be presenting a movie for the school festival, and Yozora's writing the script! What can we expect? High drama! Steamy boy-on-boy action! Meat! A samurai? Probably a lot of repressed feelings of isolation and self doubt, too! 
Boku, unmei no hito desu|2017|Makoto Masaki and Haruko Kogetsu are both 29 years old and single. Since they were children, they have passed each other at various places like on the beach and shrines. Yet, the two are not aware of each other at all. One day, a man appears in front of Makoto Masaki and introduces himself as God. He tells Makoto Masaki about his destined soul mate and that she works next door. When he faces Haruko Kogetsu, he tells her "I'm your destiny." 
Bokura ga ita|2006|Nanami Takahashi is a high school student entering her first year. Immediately on her first day however, she becomes the victim of a practical joke by the school's most popular guy, Motoharu Yano, who coincidentally also ends up in her class. While the two get off to a rocky start, they soon find themselves falling in love with one another and begin dating. But their relationship is marred by Yano's past which includes the death of Yano's previous girlfriend, Nana Yamamoto, and the betrayal surrounding her death. To make matters more complicated her younger sister, Yuri, is in the same class as Yano and Nanami. As Yano struggles to come to grips with Nana's death and his unresolved feelings for her, so too must Nanami learn to understand Yano if the two hope to continue their relationship with one another. 
Bokura no y˚ki - Miman toshi|1997|Makuhara city has been off-limits since it was reported that there was a local earthquake. Two high school boys, Yamato and Takeru got acquainted and hit it off while they headed to Makuhara from each city where they live with their own purpose. They sneak into Makuhara as they are surprised by heavily guarded around the city. Makuhara has changed into a confused place where all the adults had died mysteriously, and boys and girls under around 20 years old are surviving. 
Bokura no|2007|In a summer vacation, a group of 15 children discovered a mysterious man living in a seashore cave, along with his high-tech gadgets. The man claimed to be a game developer creating a video game with 15 giant robots defending Earth from alien invaders and asked those childs to test the game for him. The kids agreed happily at first, but soon they began to find the game horrifying, not only because of its realism but also for the first fatality among them happened right after their first victory. Worse yet, they had no idea how to stop or leave the "game." 
Bokusatsu tenshi Dokuro-chan|2005|Bokustsu tenshi Dokuro-chan, aka Club-to-Death Angel Dokuro-chan, is about a boy named Sakura Kusakabe who lives with an angel named Dokuro(or Dokuro-chan as they call her). Dokuro's like any normal angel, she uses magical powers to turn people into animals, she likes to torture people, oh, and she carries around a spiked metal bat that she beats people to death with, of course using her magical "Pipiru piru piru pipiru pi" spell to revive them again. Sakura has to worry enough with Dokuro-chan killing him all the time, but there's also other angels planning to kill him without reviving him again. Can he avoid his ill-fated demise? 
Bold Journey|1956|Before CNN, cam-corders, and communications satellites, the only way to view exotic locales was on real film that might take weeks or months to arrive from the far corners of the world. The raison d'etre for this program was to bring that film to the television viewer. Each week some adventurer would be asked to narrate his 16 mm home movies for the viewing audience. The film might be from the Amazon jungle or the arctic regions of northern Alaska. Teenage boys were drawn to the show not only by the adventure but also by the occasional fleeting glimpse of some native woman's bare breast. 
Bold Venture|1959|After a famous matador collapses during a mock bullfight with Sailor, his associates discover that he'd been stabbed earlier in the day and accuse Slate of killing him out of jealousy. Slate launches his own investigation and discovers that the lusty bullfighter was a married man who left a string of beautiful conquests in his wake - and an equally angry spouse. 
Bollywood Hero|2009|Kattan is tired of being rejected as leading-man material in Hollywood. He burns his professional bridges in L.A. and ventures to India in search of a starring role in a Bollywood film. While in India, he encounters cultural differences and the realization that making it big in Bollywood is not a sure thing. 
Bollywood Star|2012|Bollywood Star is a four-part series that gives ordinary Australians the chance to win a life-changing prize: a role in legendary Bollywood director Mahesh Bhatt's next Bollywood movie. Filmed in Australia and in the heart of the Bollywood film industry, Mumbai, India, the series tracks hundreds of hopefuls from the open auditions, through to the Top 6 who are selected to go to India and face Mahesh in the final showdown. In India, the Top 6 undergo intensive acting and dance training. They're immersed deep into Indian life and are pushed emotionally like never before. Ultimately, only one person will win the role in the movie, and finally make their dreams of becoming a Bollywood Star a reality. 
Bolshaya neft|2009|The story covers 25 years from the recent history of Western Siberia. Young enthusiasts in the mid 60's come to a small developing town to conquer the rough country. Over the decades our heroes will mature, mistake, learn, fall in love, become professionals in these harsh conditions while providing the country with the vital ´black goldª. 
Bolshaya progulka|2005|Yana, a promising television journalist, dreams of having her own show. But Yana needs to make a name for herself on the screen before producers are willing to take a risk with her. Yana comes up with an idea for a reality show where none of the participants will know that their each movement is being filmed. Yana becomes the "mole" who controls the show's participants. The random group heads off to the beach with a camera crew in hot pursuit to set them up for adventures. But relationships within the group don't go according to plans, and the set-up situations begin to cause real problems; 
Bolts & Blip|2010|Bolts and Blip are two oddball best friend Civi-bots living on the Moon in a culture dominated by cool and athletic Battle-bots who play in the coveted Lunar League of Robotic Sports. When Bolts and Blip suddenly get drafted on to the last placed Thunderbolts team, the duo, along with their new found friends, has to match wits with the likes of The Iron Maidens, The Tread Heads, and the unstoppable Galaxy All-Stars, all while trying to fit in and make names for themselves in their new world. 
Bomb Girls|2012|Set in the 1940s, Bomb Girls tells the remarkable stories of the women who risked their lives in a munitions factory building bombs for the Allied forces fighting on the European front. The series delves into the lives of these exceptional women from all walks of life - peers, friends and rivals - who find themselves thrust into new worlds and changed profoundly as they are liberated from their home and social restrictions. 
Bombay Meri Hai|1984|Benjamin Gilani and Madhuri Dixit play the role of a just married couple,who have just moved into a chawl.The people in the chawl come to know that Benjamin is a Film Script Writer and come to him with their problems,asking him how would your film hero solve this problem if he would face a similar problem. 
Bombay Railway|2007|Documentary in two one hour parts ("Pressure" and "Dreams) about the importance of the railways for the people of Mumbai (Bombay) in India. We meet the people working on and for the railway, as well as the hawkers selling their wares illegally to the passengers on board, constantly being chased by the railway police officers, and the runaway children who live around the railway. "Bombay Railway" won the award for Factual Programme of the Year at the Royal Television Awards in 2008. 
Bomber Boys: The Fighting Lancaster|2005|Using a unique blend of living history elements, CGI, first-person interviews and never-before-seen WWII footage, this dramatic four-part documentary series follows a new generation of young men - all of whom are descendants of WWII veterans - as they undergo training to become a Lancaster aircrew. While these new recruits struggle to come to terms with 1940s discipline and values, we hear the harrowing anecdotes of the "real" Bomber Boys - the veterans who flew into the night skies over Occupied Europe to fight in some of the most critical battles of the war. As the two groups come together, a special bond emerges, building a bridge between the generations and giving new understanding to the experiences of those who fought in the Second World War 
Bomberman Jetters|2002|The Jetters are a highly trained intergalactic police force for keeping unique items safe from the Hige-Hige bandits. Mighty, an expert Bomberman and the leader of the Jetters, disappears while on a mission. Dr. Ein accepts Mighty's younger brother, White Bomber, into the Jetters because they need a Bomberman for the team. White Bomber is clumsy and childish, but idolizes his older brother. White Bomber and the rest of the Jetters have many adventures, foiling Doctor Mechadoc and Mujoe's plans to steal one-of-a-kind objects, facing off against the Hige-Hige Bandits, and returning antiques to their rightful owners. 
Bomui walcheu|2006|On a remote island, two young children forge a deep and lasting bond of friendship. One day the girl falls ill, and the boy mysteriously disappears. Fifteen years later, Jae-Ha, a cold and stern but brilliant pianist, crosses paths with warm and beautiful Eun-Young who reminds him of his childhood sweetheart. Meanwhile, Phillip, Jae-Ha's manager, is also interested in Eun-Young, and businesswoman, Yi-Na, seeks to reunite with a childhood sweetheart of her own. Set in Austria and South Korea, the path to love is strewn with complications, misunderstandings, and secret identities. 
Bonanza|1959|The Cartwright's one-thousand square mile Ponderosa Ranch is located near Virginia City, Nevada, site of the Comstock Silver Lode, during and after the Civil War. Each of the sons was born to a different wife of Ben's; none of the mothers is still alive. Adventures are typical western ones, with lots of personal relationships/problems thrown in as well. 
Bond's Millions|2007|The Costa del Sol, in particular Marbella, is the playground of the rich and famous. Life is lived here like nowhere else in Europe! Private jets, personalized Ferraris, huge ocean going yachts, multi-million Euro mansions, lavish high society parties, fashion & models, bling, and so much more... Join Alan Bond as he 'lives the dream' in the playground of the wealthy, to see what people actually spend their money on. 
Bondi Hipsters|2011|Adrian and Dom are two Eco-conscious, party animal Hipsters from Bondi who are desperate to get their fashion brand off the ground. Adrian is a rich boy from the Eastern Suburbs, who has been raised in private schools and spoon fed his whole life. His best friend Dom is a well-traveled young lad from the suburbs of Melbourne who has to work three jobs just to cover his rent. Together they are hoping to take the Australian fashion scene by storm, but first, they will have to survive their summer, and earn their positions in the fashion food chain. Together Dom and Adrian will do all they can to win the hearts and minds of Bondi's locals. They will try to avoid their drug dealers at all costs, not miss any more Yoga classes, and challenge Sydney's most successful home grown fashion brand Ksodomi (formerly Tsodomi) for dominance of the Sydney Fashion scene. Together they will make a name for themselves in the suburb that stops for no one... And hopefully learn some life lessons along the way. 
Bondi Ink Tattoo Crew|2015|Jimi holds an art exhibition that gains some exciting but unsettling attention. Ellie is back to work on a collaboration with Jimi and Teneile also collaborates with internationally renowned guest artist, Karlee Sabrina. Van gets the call he's been waiting for all summer. 
Bondi Rescue Bali|2008|For two months off season, semi-deserted Bondi is guarded by a skeleton summer crew. Dean and Terry head a delegation including Reidy, Yates and Harries, some of whom were there before, to go work with the poorly-equipped colleagues on Bali, in Indonesia, at Kota beach, great for surfing but the most dangerous beach in the world. Local chief Marcello Arayafara's team also has some quirky methods, like massage. The Aussie boys have mixed reactions on the bustling tourist town. 
Bondi Rescue|2006|Bondi beach, where Australian metropolis Sydney's people and countless tourists seek sand and water fun, needs a professional corps of life-guards performing numerous rescues and preventive actions every day. They are among the best-trained, strictest selected, most motivated and hard-working rescuers in the world. They also consider it the best possible job, enjoyed in humanitarian dedication and the Aussie spirit of chivalrous macho fun, competition, pranks, mateship-loyalty and unrelenting effort to help weaker or inexperienced people in need. They constantly train eager newcomers on the job. 
Bondi Vet|2009|Chris goes pick up a pelican who crashed into something and nurses the troublesome bird. Chris delivers six pups from dog breed which Always needs a cesarean. The surgeon saves a dog who swallowed his klutzy owner's keys without invasive surgery. 
Bone Chillers|1996|Edgar Allen Poe High School is one scary place to go through the trials and tribulations of youth. Each week, students are confronted with monsters (Mummies, Giant Frogs), as well as horrible cafeteria food. Welcome To A Really Ghoul School - Edgar Allen Poe High - Where There Is No Such Thing As An "Average" Student, And Where Science Projects Always Go Horribly Wrong. Bone Chillers Is Hilarious Fun With A Cast Of Cool Teens, Scary Sets, And Awesome Special Effects. So Get Ready To Laugh Till You Scream! 
Bone of My Bones|2017|This series chronicles around a group of four male friends who have been friends from childhood into adulthood. We follow these men as they struggle with the mundane of everyday life and their relationships with strong-willed and opinionated women who refuse to have their voices suppressed. 
Bonehead|1957|In each weekly episode the boss masterminds a new criminal escapade, but the inept trio (comprising the obese Boss, the stupid Bonehead, and the melancholy Happy) fail in their attempts. 
Bonekickers|2008|English archaeology professor 'Dolly' Parton's team handles high-profile (notably relic) finds. Often those prove relevant in the present, as such and/or as symbol for a cause. So the team runs personal danger, on top of their messy love - and other personal lives. Usually the story of the object is mainly told in an opening gambit and the episode's final. 
Bones|2005|Brilliant, but socially inept, forensic anthropologist Dr. Temperence Brennan works at the Jeffersonian Institute in Washington DC. After consulting for him on a FBI case, she is approached by cocky yet charming Former Army Ranger turned Special Agent, Seeley Booth to help the Bureau solve crimes by identifying human remains that are too far gone for standard FBI forensic investigations. Brennan's empirical, literal view of the world causes friction with Booths emotive, instinctive attitude creating a volatile relationship. However as their case load increases the symbiotic partnership produces results and with the support of Brennan's Squint Squad, murderers, past and present should be on the look out. Best in her field, forensic anthropologist, Dr Temperance Brennan, and FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth work together to solve gruesome homicides with help from the rest of the Jeffersonian anthropology unit and FBI. Murderers are being brought to justice in no time. Dr. Temperance Brennan is a brilliant, but lonely, anthropologist whom is approached by an ambitious FBI agent, named Seely Booth, to help the bureau solve a series of unsolved crimes by identifying the long-dead bodies of missing persons by their bone structure. But both Agent Booth and Dr. Brennan and her team come up again a variety of interference from red tape, corruption, and local noncooperation. 
Boneyard: The Secret Life of Machines|2007|When an off shore oil platform's oil is tapped out many are disassembled for scrap. Others are refurbished and return to work at new drilling sites. But some find useful new lives as artificial reefs, wind turbine platforms, laboratories, radar stations or resorts. 
Bong AppÈtit|2016|With the changing cannabis culture in America, edibles are becoming more common. Bong AppÈtit is on the cutting edge of what is possible with cannabis. Bringing in some of the best chefs and infusing their creations with one of the greatest selections of cannabis on TV. 
Bonheur d'Adoption|2015|Humorist StÈphane Fallu and signer Stevens Simeon recall their story being adopted through fostering parents; comedian FranÁois Massicotte and wife Bianca LongprÈ on the opposite, tell the story of their own family created through fostering children. Touching and revealing, these stories make us realize how much love creates who we truly are. 
Bonino|1953|This short-lived NBC live sitcom centered on Bonino, a world-famous concert singer who leaves show business to care for his eight children after the death of his wife. His manager, Walter Rogers ('David Opatoshu' (qv)) did everything he could during the 3-1/2 months this show was on the air to convince him to come back. He couldn't, despite Bonino realizing that his kids were more independent than he thoguht. Viewers got a chance to see Bonino (opera singer 'Ezio Pinza' (qv)) sing during each episode. 
Bonjour docteur|1987|La famille Morency compte trois gÈnÈrations de mÈdecins. LÈopold, le grand-pËre, retraitÈ, Philippe, le pËre, chirurgien, et sa fille Catherine, fraÓchement diplÙmÈe de l'Ècole de mÈdecine, qui ne jure que par les mÈdecines douces. Histoires d'amour, conflits de gÈnÈrations et affrontements autour de conceptions trËs diffÈrentes de la mÈdecine sont les ingrÈdients de l'intrigue qui se noue entre les personnages. Les Morency sont confrontÈs aux problËmes d'ordre moral et social que posent les progrËs de la mÈdecine moderne. Pour eux, avortement, euthanasie, engorgement des salles d'urgence, conflits entre infirmiËres et Èquipes volantes, greffes du coeur, maladie d'Alzheimer et sida sont leur lot quotidien. 
Bonjour la Classe|1993|Laurence Didcott is a new teacher who joins the staff at the Mansion School at the start of the autumn term. The Mansion School has been ticking along nicely for the last 235 years until Didcott turns up to join the French department. His idealized view of what teaching at a public school is all about is dented when his Head of Department, Donald Halifax, informs him that they don't speak French in the French department. the headmaster seems more concerned with fund raising than the pupils' welfare and Didcott soon learns that fees take precedence over education at the Mansion. Didcott's honesty and enthusiasm with staff, pupils and parents alike are to cause him grief in the weeks to come. And the first episode sees him creating problems for the headmaster over delinquent pupil Adam Huntley whose father is on the point of enriching the School Arts Centre funds by a cool twenty thousand pounds. 
Bonkers|1993|Once upon a time in Toon Town there was a cat who had it all. Fortune and fame, top of his game. Up until he hit the wall. Now he's down and out in Toon Town as a Comic Cop who solve crimes with hilarious results. With the help of his partners - Lucky Piquel (his first partner) and Miranda Wright (his second partner). 
Bonnie & Clyde|2013|Based on the true story of Clyde Barrow, a charismatic convicted armed robber who sweeps Bonnie Parker, an impressionable, petite, small-town waitress, off her feet, and the two embark on one one of most infamous bank-robbing sprees in history. 
Bonus Content|2013|Bonus Content takes place at New York Comic Con (NYCC) 2013. There is so much four-day, EPIC, AWESOMENESS that we had to release an extended cut. This episode features: Clerks director and film maker - Kevin Smith, Creators of Robot Chicken - Seth Green, Matthew Senreich, Breckin Meyer & Clare Grant, Troma president (and Toxic Avenger creator) Lloyd Kaufman with Nicola Fiore & Mark Quinnette and PLENTY of cosplayers. 
Booba|2014|Booba is cute and inquisitive, like a five-year-old kid. He explores the world without anger or resentment, only joy and wonder. He doesn't talk, although he does make sounds to express his emotions. Nobody knows where he came from, but he has obviously missed the last 100 years of human progress and explores modern locations with boundless energy and enthusiasm. His awkward movements, combined with a strong desire to learn more about the world around him, often have hilarious results. However, this doesn't satisfy Booba's curiosity, so his adventures will continue in the upcoming series. 
Boober|2016|A comedic look at our modern taxi system and the people behind the wheel! "Boober" centers around Dave, who drives people around as a profession. Upon picking up his latest customer of Bill, Barry and their adopted son Ivan, Dave learns they are moving into his house. After unintentionally running into his new extended family, Dave learns from his "foot in your a*s" father that they will be moving into the garage and Dave is fully responsible for this new "fabulous" family. Dave, along with his buddies Burt and Josh, battle relentlessly (usually with eggs), against "Stift," a neighboring car taxi service. In a battle for territory rights, Dave will need not only his friends but his new family members to help win the war. 
Boogie Oogie|2014|Set in 1978, in the "disco era," the series depicts the meeting between humble and hardworking Sandra (Õsis Valverde) and rich and spoiled VitÛria (Bianca Bin). Both of them meet because of a tragic accident and start fighting for the love of the same man. What they don't know is that their paths have crossed before, when they were switched at birth. 
Boogie|2002|Since _"Puls" (1995)_ (qv) ended in 1999, Danish television had offered no music video shows and little teen-oriented programming, so "Boogie" was greeted by its young audiences upon its arrival in early 2002. With an apparent wealth of resources, the show aired alternately from Copenhagen and Aarhus, opened its doors to live audiences and featured plenty of star interviews and live performances as well as a viewers' chart. As time passed, a series of redesigns occurred with a tendency towards more humble forms and fewer broadcast hours. Still, the show remains on the air despite competition from the Danish version of MTV and the local music channel Voice TV. As of 2010, the show airs live for two hours on Friday afternoons in addition to non-stop video shows on other weekdays. 
Boogie-woogie 47|1980|En 1947, plusieurs familles de MontrÈal passent l'ÈtÈ dans leur chalet de Pointe-Calumet, un lieu de villÈgiature situÈ au coeur des terres agricoles. Les femmes y passent la semaine sans leur mari et observent la vie des paysans, des maraÓchers et des commerÁants de la rÈgion. Au rythme du boogie-woogie, les jeunes adultes vivent heureux et s'amusent franchement, sans trop se soucier des contraintes d'une Èpoque aux valeurs rigides. Au cours de leurs soirÈes dansantes, ils s'enivrent de musique et nouent des idylles. De leur cÙtÈ, les adultes s'inquiËtent devant les signes avant-coureurs d'une vague de libertÈ qui va bientÙt dÈferler sur tout le continent. 
Booh!|2005|Despite Jonas's justified skepticism, dad Kronkel insists to hold the teenagers's birthday party, using second hand Christmas-decorations, in the count's castle for sale, however run-down. Ghost Philomena van Zurenborg predicts disaster when she hears her 'vervaldag' (Durch for 'lapse day'; a spirit's death anniversary), when she must relive her gruesome end, coincides with a mortal birthday. Dad also expects another client, industrialist Van Boechout, but only his snooty spoiled daughter Bianca turns up, who is even less impressed then Jonas -none of his friends came- the star of which is the cheap bumbling 'magician' Clandestino, whose tricks would all fail if the ghosts didn't help a bit. Nevertheless Jonas, who dad hoped in vain to charm fellow teenager Biaca, is fascinated by Clandestino's girl-assistant Aagje 'Agora', but the showstopper in an unrehearsed Chinese sawing box disaster, for which the manual gets mixed-up while the ghosts chase pestering fairies accidentally released from a bottle mistaken for 1,000 years old Jerusalem wine... 
Book Case TV|2012|Host Frederic Colier discovers a mix of original voices writing in a variety of genres with interviews featuring Wendy Corsi Staub, author of Nightwatcher; Susan Shapiro Barish, author of The Nine Phases of Marriage; and Tim O'Mara, author of Sacrifice Fly: A Mystery. He then visits the Huffington Post and encounters Andrew Losowsky from its literary fiction department and Tim O'Brien, the executive editor. In Pick of the Week, Frederic selects Books To Die For, edited by John Connolly and Declan Burke, Mark Leyner's novel The Sugar Frosted Nutsack, Tom Wolf's latest Back to Blood. 
Book TV: After Words|2007|ABC News Washington Correspondent 'Ann Compton' interviews 'David Pietrusza' (qv), regarding his latest book, "1920: The Year of the Six Presidents," a review of the 1920 presidential election, the controversies and issues surrounding that election (the League of Nations, Prohibition, Women's Suffrage, the Red Scare, etc.) and the six presidents involved ('Theodore Roosevelt' (qv), 'Woodrow Wilson (I)' (qv), 'Warren G. Harding' (qv), 'Calvin Coolidge' (qv), 'Herbert Hoover (I)' (qv), and 'Franklin Delano Roosevelt'). 
Book of Secrets|2016|Episode I: Roswell '47: Something crashed in the desert outside of Roswell. Two Army Air Force officers are sent out to investigate. But something is very, very wrong. Episode II: Dulce '79: A former government geologist dies in Oregon in 1996. He was present in 1979 when something went wrong in a deep underground military base. Does that have anything to do with his death, or is it just coincidence? Episode III: Boulder '68: The Condon Committee has been accused of downplaying UFO evidence. Is it a government cover-up, or is there simply nothing to report? Episode IV: Fort Riley '47: Strange cargo arrives at an army base in Kansas. There are rumors that it is wreckage from a crash, just outside of Roswell. The holding area is designated 'No Entry'...but someone still manages to get inside. Episode V: Rendlesham '80: Just after Christmas, a US Air Force Base in England is beset with unexplained lights and close encounters with airmen. And if the base commander didn't have enough to deal with, now there might be a breach in security. 
BookShorts Moving Stories|2006|For socially active, pop culture seekers who want a more interactive television experience, the half-hour MOVING STORIES TV series provides a unique lens through which to view books, by adapting the work of contemporary authors into provocative short films. Award-winning, multi-talented artist of film, TV, books and music, host PAUL QUARRINGTON sets up each episode, pointing out things of particular interest to someone who is a film buff, aspires to make a film, is curious about what goes on behind the scenes in filmmaking, wants to know more about the author, the book, and more, according to the nature of that episode's content. MOVING STORIES is filmic storytelling directly linked to today's culture. We believe that literacy motivates people to celebrate our collective stories. MOVING STORIES encourages anybody who has the desire and vision to become "literate" in film, books and community. 
Bookaboo|2009|When world famous drum playing rock puppy Bookaboo slams his drum sticks down grumbling 'a story a day or I just can't play!', its up to celebrity fans in his audience to save the concert. Each episode a famous face goes back stage to see if they can lure Bookaboo back to his drums by sharing a picture book with him on his tourbus. Bojo restored, this puppy can play and cheered on by his celebrity guest, he wows the crowds with the best canine drum solo ever heard. 
Booker|1989|Dennis Booker, an ex-cop, is hired by the US office of a large Japanese company to investigate some suspect insurance claims. He is very anti-authority, resents being told what to do, and seems to spend most of his time investigating cases related to his family, friends and colleagues rather than his employers. 
Bookmark|1983|After a 14 year dry spell, novelist, Barbara Pym (Patricia Routledge) is nominated for a Booker Award in 1977 for her novel "Quartet in Autumn". This short biography follows her the day of the prize presentation, as she observes people and reminisces about life and love. The prize is awarded to someone else that year, and in 1980 Pym dies of cancer. 
Booknotes|1989|Each week Brian Lamb discusses a recently published work of nonfiction with its author. The author's background, family, and motivation for writing the book are also explored. An author may appear on the program only once. 
Books Du Jour|2014|Books du Jour introduces a brand new literary program with a simple premise. Every week, the host invites three authors to lunch to discuss their work and their main concerns about life at large. The guests for the pilot are Ayana Mathis, "The Twelve Tribes of Hattie"; Gary Shteyngart, "Little Failure: A Memoir," and Joshua Henkin, "The World Without You." 
Books That Made Britain|2016|Take a journey around the cities and landscapes of Britain. Explore how great literature plays a part in shaping our perceptions of different regions and discover the impact certain books have had in various localities. Join the discussion. Part of the BBC #LoveToRead season. 
Books and Beyond|2012|Books and Beyond immerses viewers in stimulating conversations and the exchange of ideas with recently published authors. Highlights include a talk with cartoonist and author Aline Crumb (who's married to the famous comic underground artist, R. Crumb), as well as a discussion with New Yorker author D. T. Max about the late author David Foster Wallace. Whether the topic is lighthearted or weighty, the common denominator is this: Books & Beyond plays to the sophisticated, knowledgeable 50+ viewer who's a lover of all things literary. 
Books|2011|Lucas Frost is a former All-American with a Stanford PhD and a sweet gig teaching literature at Westwood University. His younger brother Eddie is a gambler with a dusty old trailer in the middle-of-nowhere Arizona. And while they may seem nothing alike on the surface, and may in fact profess to hate each other, the Frost brothers share a common propensity for making mistakes. On the same day that Lucas gets fired for having an affair with his Dept. Chair's daughter, Eddie gets chased out of Arizona by a crooked vice cop with a grudge. But things are about to get worse for the Frost brothers - because their father has just committed suicide, and he's left them an awkward inheritance. On the one hand, they get their childhood home back in Bakersfield and a not-quite worthless Rare Book Shop. On the other, they also inherit dad's $600,000 debt to the Chinese mob. "Books" follows the Frost brothers as they become small-time bookies in small-town Bakersfield - along the way, playing with the concept of "books" in nearly every way imaginable. 
Bookstand|1960|Described by "Radio Times" as "a kaleidoscope from the world of books," this Sunday afternoon BBC series featured book reviews, interviews and dramatized excerpts, scripted by Dennis Potter, from both contemporary books and classics. Although Potter's title was Script Associate, he provided "ideas" and script outlines and wrote the finished scripts. Potter also conducted interviews with Francis Chichester, Edward Hyams, James Morris and Francis Newton. His drama sequences included Henry James' "The Turn of the Screw," Aldous Huxley's "Brave New World," Dashiell Hammett's "The Glass Key," Iris Murdoch's "Under the Net," Kingsley Amis' "That Uncertain Feeling," Stan Barstow's "A Kind of Loving" and Colin MacInnes' "Absolute Beginners." 
Boom Town|2013|"Boom Town" is a hybrid TV show that combines comedy, fantasy, and reality. Each episode features real-life people playing their most eccentric alter-egos in their own specific sketches. The players are: Alan (sketch "Care Homeworker"), Anthony (sketch "The Pub Landlord"), Cream (sketch "The Rapper"), Dorota and Atonu (sketch "An Acting Showreel"), Garth (sketch "Life Coach"), Joel (sketch "The Trainspotter"), Jonny Na$h (sketch "Ladies' Man"), Kev (sketch "The Witch"), Knight Warriors (sketch "Superheroes"), Louis (sketch "The Stripper", Pablo (sketch "The Romantic"), Stella (sketch "Fashion Designer"), and Talina (sketch "The Temptress"). 
Boom!|2015|Hosted by comedian Tom Papa ("The Marriage Ref"), the show combines high drama and high stakes with high comedy in a fun-filled, trivia-charged, slime-soaked entertainment blast. Watch as teams compete - if they get the questions right, they could win big money; if they get it wrong or run out of time, they are showered with anything from guacamole to maple syrup. 
BoomChickBoom Sketchisodes|2011|BoomChickBoom Sketchisodes are a fresh new take on sketch comedy! Tackling pop culture, politics, celebrity and song parody, this all-female multi-cultural sketch group transcends race and gender with winning and biting satirical humor. The Future of Funny is now... Have a nice day. 
Boomerang|2015|¿ la suite de la faillite de leur resto (il en Ètait le chef et elle l'administratrice), Karine et Patrick se retrouvent ‡ la rue. Ils n'ont d'autres choix que de retourner vivre ´ temporairement ª chez les parents de Karine, dans le sous-sol de leur bungalow, juste le temps qu'ils se refassent - ce qui pourrait Ítre plus long que prÈvu. 
Boomers|2014|Norfolk seaside resort Thurnemouth is home to three retired couples, bossy Joyce and her easy-going husband Alan, ultra-conservative John and sensible Maureen and nervous Carol, who, with boring Trevor, is rebuilding the marriage after a separation. Only Alan is looking forward to seeing flash Mick, widower of Jean, whose funeral they are all attending, and who arrives from Spain with Lithuanian trophy wife Elena and tales of the wonderful life to be had by Brits seeking the sun. In fact it is all a lie as Elena tells Trevor, as Mick has lost their money and she is about to leave him. Everybody troops into the church for the funeral ceremony - which is interrupted by Joyce's phone as her son rings to say that she is a grandmother. 
Boomtown|1956|Boomtown was a children's television show that ran, on WBZ Channel 4 in Boston, for eighteen years. The host was Rex Trailer. It featured songs, rope tricks, cartoons and a weekly "wanted man" who was part of the audience for that day's show. 
Boomtowners|2015|Financial woes are hitting the Boomtowners hard, leading to major decisions that could have life-altering effects. For Chris, the CEO of Liberty, a downturn in oil prices leads to a risky gamble that could mean trouble for the company. Larysa and Haley start selling puppies to pay for their wedding. Ben pushes his lockbox invention to prove to his wife, and himself, that he can follow through on his dreams. And Sean faces a big choice when it looks like his own dream of being a full-time pastor could become a reality. 
Boon|1986|Ken Boon and Harry Crawford are two middle-aged ex-firemen. Harry retires and opens a hotel (The Grand Hotel), with Ken as a temporary odd-job man. During the seven seasons (1986-1992), Ken works his way up from odd-job man to private investigator, while Harry runs two hotels, a ballroom, a country club, and finally, a security firm. Over the years, they are assisted by Doreen Evans, Rocky Cassidy, Debbie Yates, Margaret Daly, Laura Marsh, and Alex Wilton. 
Boonie Bears or Bust|2012|The bumbling but lovable Bear Brothers are back, and Logger Vick remains in hot pursuit! Their latest adventures take our heroes out of the forest and into the big city, where they make new friends and a host of wonderful discoveries...and where they learn a few fabulous new tricks for escaping the clutches of the villainous Vick! 
Boonie Bears|2011|Boonie Bears is a 3D animated comedy series presented by Fantawild Animation Inc. This light-hearted comic romp, designed for children between the ages of 4 and 12, is set in a lovely wooded wonderland in rural Northeast China. Though the surroundings might seem idyllic, deep in the heart of the region peace has been disrupted by the dastardly Logger Vick, who schemes to transform the majestic forest into his own personal lumberyard! Too bad for Vick-two strapping brown-bear brothers are determined to thwart his plans and send him packing. Together, Briar and Bramble Bear go about sabotaging every effort of that sneaky logging-crew foreman-and always with hilarious results! Boonie Bears chronicles the lengths to which the nefarious Logger Vick will go to bring down as many trees as time, equipment, and greed will allow. If Vick is the no-luck villain of the piece, then bear siblings Briar and Bramble are its heart-of-gold heroes. Boonie Bears is a fast-paced comic battle for the forest-with the Good Guys grinning, and winning, and saving what's theirs. Set in the lush Northeast Chinese woodlands, Boonie Bears highlights the richly variegated colors of the region's changing seasons, together with other features that make it unique. Against this captivating backdrop, a whimsical tale unfolds in which two bears challenge an unscrupulous outsider, and gain the victory through teamwork and perseverance. Logger Vick quickly comes to realize that it will take more than an array of heavy machinery to meet his overblown timber quota, as Briar and Bramble will never give up the fight for the woodlands they call home. 
Boonie Bears: Forest Frenzy|2014|Boonie Bears: Forest Frenzy is stuffed to the brim with more of the freewheeling escapades that catapulted Boonie Bears and Boonie Bears or Bust to smash-hit status in Asia and beyond! Boonie Bears: Forest Frenzy Having had a taste of carnival life in town, the Bear Brothers return to the forest to start anew. But aside from the joy of meeting old friends, the bears must again cope with the dull-but-driven Logger Vick! That shiny-pated villain is determined to crush their renewed efforts to protect the forest they love. If he can dispatch the Bear Brothers, Vick will realize his evil dream of riches through total destruction of the forest. Fortunately the Brothers and their friends have a forest full of surprises in store for him! Boonie Bears: Forest Frenzy features Briar and Bramble Bear doing what they do best: creating non-stop laughs for kids around the world! 
Booth|????|Between good and evil quietly pulses a yawning fathom known as genius. It is the fuel which propels both the artist and, in some instances, the murderer. John Wilkes Booth was both. Or, rather, he became both. The genius which eluded him as an artist, he discovered as a killer. Assassinating Lincoln, the freer of slaves, delivered to John the epiphany of genius he otherwise would have never known. Spanning a period of 40 years, Booth is the definitive account of the life of John Wilkes Booth which ultimately attrited to Abraham Lincoln's murder and death. 
Bootleggers|2017|Bootleggers is an American period Drama, mini series. Set in 1920s Prohibition era, It focuses on two brothers, Garrett (Andrew Sloey) and Benny (Alec Norris) of the notorious Finnegan family, who have been brought together after years apart. We see Betrayal, Blood, Bootlegging, in an explosive joust for power. 
Boots and Saddles|1956|The main force at Fort Lowell is out on a mission to recover supplies stolen by the Apaches from a supply train, and most of the troops left behind are new recruits. The Apaches unexpectedly attack the fort, and the inexperienced soldiers are forced to retreat to a nearby farm. However, the farmer happens to be a former officer in the Prussian cavalry, and he sets out to give the troops the organization and motivation they need to retake the fort from the Apaches. 
Border Cafe|2000|Rock star Charlotte Smith quits at the height of her fame and buys the American diner on the outskirts of her home town so she can settle down with her builder boyfriend David Doyle. He invites his daft elder brother Kidder to become the chef while the nervous Ronnie gives up her life as "Charlotte" in a copycat band to become waitress. The Border Cafe becomes a meeting place for all sorts of curious characters and a centre of intrigue. But as the cafe takes off, the whole notion of whose life depends on whose starts to shift with dramatic consequences. 
Border Gold|????|The Wild West was notorious for mining in the 1800s; it was booming! Fast forward 200- years later ... PANOS GIANNEOTIS has been claiming up the southwest for the past 15 years. Subsequently, Panos invested $1.7M into his Jackpot mine located in Quartzsite, Arizona; all of his revenue streams have dried up since then. It has been an up-hill (Mt. Everest) climb to enter into the pinnacle of commercial production at the Jackpot mine. Now Panos and his nephew SEAN KING are raising the stakes by straddling the border, brokering mines with their Compadres, in search of the best pay dirt to keep their Arizona mining operation afloat. Australian Prospectors CHUCK and Kent were hired by Panos on behalf of investor RABBI ZEV ISAAC to join Panos' team to prospect for gold in Mexico. If they locate gold, Zev will arrange a Joint Venture with Panos and Mexican miners. Zev will provide money to mine the land. The team will work directly with VICTOR VISCA, the commissioner of mining in Sonora. Victor represents 100 small miners; hence, there will be many properties to test and explore. Although hesitant, Panos must convince himself that mining in Mexico will be a profitable endeavor, especially with a constant flow of U.S. "red flag" broadcast news warnings such as: the danger of ISIS operating training camps 8 miles from the border, kidnappings, the ubiquitous Drug Cartel, and the Russian Mafia which has also infiltrated Mexico with its' "black market" mentality. 
Border Patrol|1959|U.S. Border Patrol Agent Don Jagger pursues a gang of illegal aliens engaged in gun running and kidnapping through the Florida Everglades. His search for the arms smugglers is assisted by a Seminole alligator wrestler who knows the hammocks and sloughs of southern Florida like the back of his hand. 
Border Security: Australia's Front Line|2004|This program takes viewers behind the scenes of Australia's Customs, Immigration and Quarantine departments. The people that work for these departments have been entrusted with protecting Australia's borders from drug smugglers, illegal immigrants, potential terrorists, harmful pests and exotic diseases. It reveals some of the methods that they use to separate the honest mistakes made by innocent holidaymakers from the much more sinister motives of criminals. 
Border Warfare|1990|A production chronicling the history of Scotland from ancient times through the union with England and culminating with the rise of Thatcherism and the introduction of the Poll Tax. Originally staged at the (then) new theatre venue in Glasgow 'The Tramway' which was a former tram depot on the south side of the city; 'Border Warfare' was an ambitious and lengthy play that immersed the promenade audience in the action wherever possible. 
Border Wars|2010|Follow agents and their animal partners as they work tirelessly for Border Patrol and border town police departments, proving that the men and women working to protect the border couldn't be as effective without the help of these animals in action. 
Border: KeishichÙ SÙsa Ikka Satsujinhan SÙsa Dai 4-gakkari|2014|Ishikawa Ango is a very capable detective that lives only for his job. One day, while investigating a crime scene, he gets shot in the head by the criminal that was still lurking about. Ango gets thrown over that line that divides life and death but, though he dies, doctor's are able to reanimate him and he pulls through. Yet, the bullet remains stuck in his head as the operation to remove it is very dangerous. Shortly after, he goes back to work and soon realizes that he's now able to see and talk with the recently departed. 
Borderland|2014|Six Americans are tasked by a frontier medical examiner with retracing the footsteps of three dead migrants - three of the nearly 6,000 illegal immigrants who perished in the desert in the last 15 years while crossing from Mexico. Gathered at the morgue, the participants are handed three case files and told, "We've given them a name. You must give them a story." The six, from all walks of life, first explore the issue on the U.S. side, embedding with law enforcement and Arizona ranchers angry at the cartels that now control not just the drug trade but the migrant routes as well. Then, split into three groups, they head for Mexico and Central America, learning about the lives of the migrants they've been asked to follow. In a twist, the medical examiner instructs the six to work their way back to the United States alongside real migrants by whatever means necessary ... on river rafts, on foot through gang-controlled jungle and, once regrouped, on top the infamous cargo train known as La Bestia. Finally, from cartel-held Sinaloa state, they attempt the journeys that proved fatal to their assigned migrants - a dangerous trek through the hot badlands. They'll live. But will they learn? 
Borderline Coyotes|2012|Three brothers work as Coyotes for the biggest Mob Boss in Los Angeles. This pack of Coyotes specializes in human smuggling. They bring people across the United States border from Mexico for a high price. But they are not the only Coyotes working for the Mob Boss, when rival crews get involved, this brotherly love is faced with betrayal, revenge and greed. 
Borderline|2015|Both the DEA and the Diaz Cartel deal with the drastic effects of new leadership. Bob Dil proves inadequate as he and his new team of agents strategize ways to infiltrate the cartel. Jerry implements his plans to take the cartel in a more professional, corporate direction. His second in command, Diego discovers there's a rat in their midst. 
Borders & Heritage: Stories of Immigration|2016|A collection of stories exploring the immigrant and refugee experience in the Pacific Northwest. From a Syrian refugee family building a new life in Seattle to immigrants becoming U.S. citizens in a naturalization ceremony at Crater Lake National Park in Oregon, these diverse stories of individuals and families provide a glimpse into the unique backgrounds and experiences that immigrants bring to our region. 
Bordertown|1989|Dr. Marie Dumont is having a bad day. First she learns that Bordertown's new unscrupulous lawyer owns half of her general store, then she discovers that her new partner is representing a woman who is suing her for malpractice when her husband died while in the pretty physician's care. 
Bordertown: Laredo|2011|After a woman carts 60 pounds of dope in her car trunk while her daughter sleeps in the backseat, Rodriguez gets her to flip on a local stash house where they find a suspect who gives up intel about a huge load of weed set to arrive that night. Can the LPD team hit the cartels where it hurts? 
Bored to Death|2009|A dermatologist enlists Jonathan to deliver a letter to his intended at an Asian health spa. Jonathan takes Ray to the spa for his birthday, with George and his new chauffeur Vikram in tow. 
Borgen|2010|Birgitte struggles to get her party recognized particularly by other politicians, but might have a chance to change it when her boyfriend gets sick and is exposed by the media. Meanwhile, Kathrine continues to struggle with her feelings for Kasper who has difficult time understanding why her behavior has changed. 
Borgia|2011|It was the age of Da Vinci and Michelangelo, of enlightened creativity and unparalleled intellectual achievement. But it was also the age of Machievelli, of rampant lawlessness, incessant war and unspeakable depravity. At the heart of the world order was the Vatican, the arbiter of conflicts between kingdoms and empires. And at the center of the Vatican was a man whose quest for power would propel him to seek the ultimate prize, the holy see of Rome. He was a man whose name would become synonymous with ruthlessness, and whose reign as pope would be remembered as the most infamous chapter of the history of the Catholic church -Rodrigo Borgia. His four children -Juan, the oldest, a prideful, lazy, unscrupulous sexual predator, Cesare, a young man torn between a faith that was not his calling and his dark violent nature, Lucretia, a young girl discovering the secret power that a women's sexuality holds, and Goffredo, an innocent child who would come of age in a family riven by conflict- would provide Rodrigo with a challenge as great as the political maneuvering of his political and religious rivals. "Borgia" is a one hour dramatic series that chronicles the rise to power of this Spanish Cardinal and his clan, who would seek to establish a dynasty that would hold sway over the entire world. Though a man of faith, Rodrigo was also in thrall to the pleasures of the flesh. Not only did he have to deal with the plotting and conspiracies of his fellow cardinals and the representatives of the great powers, but he was locked in a struggle to contain the bitter sibling rivalries that threatened to tear his family apart. "Borgia" is a cauldron of intrigue, violence, murder, lust, politics, faith, incest, betrayal and redemption, a story as compelling and enlightening as the age in which it takes place. 
Born Again Virgin|2015|Jenna (Danielle Nicolet), a 34 year-old up-and-coming blogger, decides to become celibate when she finds her body count is starting to trump her age. Using her blog as encouragement for her newly adapted sex diet and also as a sounding board for her girlfriends' often amusing "sexcapades," Jenna is determined to make the blog a success and transform her friends in the process. 
Born Country|2007|Each episode of this docu-reality series follows the parallel lives of three people who have country roots in common. From karaoke queens to over-the-top country weddings and die-hard "Dukes of Hazard" fans, BORN COUNTRY highlights the best and bizarre in country culture. 
Born Famous|1987|Are the children of Today's Hollywood stars, Washington's powerful politicians, or the sports world's heroes really living the "ultimate fantasy" -- A fantasy free of responsibility and full of wealth and privilege, or are they desperately trying to live up to it? This show focuses on the special relationship found between celebrities and their children who happened to be... born famous. 
Born Free|1974|This drama chronicles the adventures of George and Joy Adamson, a married couple who serve as game wardens in Kenya. Not only did they care for and keep track of the wildlife, but they sometimes had to deal with poachers or other unsavory humans who were threatening the natural way of life in the jungle. 
Born Stylish|2015|Every episode has a Style Theme that best represents that Style Icon, And our gorgeous host - international designer - Pria Kataaria Puri, makes them reveal their style secrets in a fun-filled episode. Featuring for the first time on Indian television, Grey Goose Born Stylish engages iconic stars of the high fashion world - like the legendary Jean Paul Gaultier, the iconic Fendi scion Ilaria Venturini Fendi, Anna Zegna of the Ermenegildo Zegna family among others, Massimiliano Giornetti from Salvatore Ferragamo - in a special chat around their work, around India and around Bollywood. 
Born This Way|2015|Honesty, humor and heart are at the center of A&E's original docuseries, which highlights the outgoing personalities and amazing abilities of seven young adults born with Down syndrome. Hourlong episodes follow the Southern California residents as they pursue passions and dreams, explore friendships and romantic relationships, and generally defy society's expectations. The series also allows the parents to talk about the joy their children bring to their family, and the challenges they face in helping them live as independently as possible. The cast includes avid sportsman and self-professed ladies' man Sean; entertainer John; school employee Cristina; and budding entrepreneur Megan. 
Born and Bred|2002|It's the inter-village pub games when Ormston competes with nearby Thursvale. There is a cash prize, which will come in handy for Phyllis to buy back the pub from the brewery. Tom's daughter Catherine collapses during a race with appendicitis on which Donald performs an emergency operation and the village goes on to win the crucial tug-of-war, despite the fact that tug-of-war captain Daisy has fallen out with husband Edgar when she found he was in the Thursvale chess team. Tom receives a present from his father in New Zealand - a book entitled 'Dr. Gilder's Golden Book of Rules' - he is not amused. 
Born in the Wild|2014|From PBS - Joy and Mark investigate the reproductive secrets of marine mammals to learn how animals that breathe air manage to mate, give birth and raise their young underwater. Joy travels to New Zealand to uncover the mating strategy of dusky dolphins. While she reveals the adaptations marine mammals have evolved to mate in the ocean, Mark travels to Mexico to find out how whales find mates in the ocean vastness. Witness a dolphin birth, explore the difficulties of breastfeeding underwater and learn how dolphin and whale young avoid predatory killer whales. 
Born in the Wrong Body|2015|Follows three young transgender Brits fulfilling their dreams of becoming men. The film features unprecedented access to surgical procedures and also meets the increasingly confident online community of young transgender men baring everything on social media. 
Born to Explore|2011|Join Richard Wiese as he explores the world of seals. See how the seal population in Canada impacts polar bears and reflects global climate change. Richard joins a team of dedicated scientists who rescue orphaned and injured harbor seals and helps to return three rehabilitated pups back to the ocean. In Hawaii, another group of researchers checks the health of a pregnant seal. 
Born to Kill|2017|Sixteen year old Sam lives with his mother Jenny, a hospital nurse, his father having died in Afghanistan. At school he befriends the bullied Oscar and new girl Chrissy, whose widowed policeman father Bill has moved them to be nearer to his elderly mother Margaret, a patient on Jenny's ward. Outwardly amiable and popular with Jenny's patients he wins Bill's thanks for offering to take the blame when Chrissy deliberately starts a fire in the school. However Sam is a deeply disturbed boy, with lethal tendencies, and Jenny is also keeping a dark secret from her son. 
Born to Run|1997|The tribulations and personal feuds of the Flitch family. Based around the family car sales business. Billie Whitelaw and Keith Allen play major roles as rivalries and disputes concerning the business occur on a regular basis.As a side issue, Billie Whitelaw is training for a marathon and spends a lot of time pounding along the banks of the River Mersey. 
Boru|????|960 AD, Munster south west Ireland, a provincial guerrilla war against the continuing colonization and settlement by the foreign Viking invaders, ignites the unlikely political and military rise of an obscure noble family the Dalcassians, and their ambitious enigmatic leader Brian BÛruma. Boru tells the amazing and remarkable rise from modest noble tribe to one of the most powerful families in medieval Europe, and the last High King of Ireland. 
Boruto: Naruto Next Generations|2017|Naruto was a young shinobi with an incorrigible knack for mischief. He achieved his dream to become the greatest ninja in the village and his face sits atop the Hokage Monument. But this is not his story. A new generation of ninja are ready to take the stage, led by Naruto's own son, Boruto. 
Bosca Ceoil|2014|A brand new Irish music series that's high-energy and live-performance based, with multiple stages, enthusiastic audiences and a dynamic, new presenter Pauline Scanlon (singer with the group Lumiere). This is an eclectic mix of traditional Irish and contemporary singers, dancers and instrumentalists, televised in an innovative, energetic and highly visual manner, including some of the biggest names in the trad world such as Sharon Shannon, Dervish, Dan˙, Cara Dillon, Frankie Gavin & De Dannan, Fidil, Flook, Beoga, Buttons & Bows, At First Light and Lumiere alongside emerging Acts such as We Banjo 3, Morga, The Bonny Men and Reel It In. 
Bosch|2014|Harry Bosch is an irreverent homicide detective in Los Angeles. Like any good protagonist he has problems with authority, follows his gut and bends a few rules while achieving the best solved case rate in all of California. Whatever situations the writers put him into he will undoubtedly be entertaining as he pursues justice. 
Bosco|1978|The life and adventures of Bosco, a small red-haired puppet who lives in his "bosca" (Irish for box). Bosco never leaves his box but discovers the world through song and stories contributed by the regular presenters and the daily trip through a "magic door". Bosco has a large number 5 displayed on his box, due to the fact that 5 is his favourite number. Bosco speaks in Irish some of the time, using words familiar to young Irish children. 
Bosom Buddies|1980|Henry and Kip are two advertising designers who had a real problem with finding a place to live. At the beginning, the sole place they could afford was condemned, but they only found out when the wrecking ball was smashing up the place while they were sleeping. A female friend suggested they stay at her building, but the snag is that the place is for women only. In desperation, they assume the identities of the women Hildegard and Buffy in order to rent a room. Now as they pursue their dream of success in the ad business, they also struggle to keep their deception at the apartment building so they won't be evicted, but the beautiful neighbours they have are a constant temptation. Kip and Henry work at an advertising agency as an artist and writer respectively. When the apartment that they were living in was condemned, they had no place to live. So Amy their co-worker, who has a crush on Henry, suggests that they stay with her but the only the problem is that it's for girls only. So they get into drag and assume the personas of Buffy and Hildegarde. When Kip meets Sonny, Amy's attractive roommate, he is smitten and when they learn that there's a vacancy in the building, Kip convinces Henry to take it so he can be close to Sonny, and so that this experience might be good material for a book that Henry can write. 
Boss Lady|1952|Gwen Allen is the CEO of a construction company headed by her father. Her major challenges are to find a new general manager for the company and keeping her father in his job. 
Boss Nails|2015|The series follows 26-year-old Dana Cody, the glamorous and sassy owner of Tippie Toes Beauty Lounge in Miami. Each half-hour episode features Dana's eccentric and sometimes unruly staff as they create custom, one-of-a-kind fantasy nail art for her equally unique and demanding clients. 
Boss TV|1997|The show is a free-form free-flow melange, of whatever had happened in the last week or so, be it the Boss TV take on local issues, a press release crashed by the Boss TV team, a celebrity stalked and filmed at an event or on their own doorstep. Throw into the mix, the regular adult movie film reviews by Emi and Ayami, the job swap specials (transexual prostitute swaps with librarian for example) and viewer involvement such as the 'send us your home porn' competition, and 'man out on the street' condom give were always a ratings winner. 
Boss and Me|2014|The story is about the romance between Xue Shan Shan, a young office lady and her boss Feng Teng. One night, Shan Shan got an urgent call from hospital. She was asked to give Feng Yue, her boss's younger sister, a blood transfusion. To show his gratitude, Feng Teng offered lunch for Shan Shan every day. Shan Shan and Feng Teng's relationship got closer and closer... 
Boss|2011|Kane grows increasingly infatuated with his new senior aide, Mona, allowing himself to get swept up in her passion for the subsidized housing project. Ben Zajac and his wife, Maggie, run the risk of alienating themselves from Kane when they take the reins of Zajac's gubernatorial campaign. 
Bossip on WEtv|2017|Hot gossip website Bossip brings you this week's top celebrity news stories and scandals, with comedic commentary from Bossip's opinionated and hilarious contributors. Every episode features news exclusives and a celebrity guest who spills the tea at Bossip headquarters in downtown Atlanta. 
Boston Blackie|1951|A small time pickpocket runs afoul of what looks like a sweet old lady in old fashioned clothes with a comically old automobile, but is in fact a ruthless head of a crime ring. He's shot and put into a coma. Blackie senses the lady, a known ex-con, is up to something as she and her mob plan an art museum heist. 
Boston City Cops: Pilot|2016|Detective Stairze, the rookie detective in Boston Massachusetts with a strong love and respect for the law. Detective Wahlsky, a seasoned and jaded veteran detective who has a strong stance against rookies and molasses. Forced into partnership by The Chief, these two must overcome their differences if they wish to stop the evil roaming Boston's city streets. This - is Boston City Cops. A Selfie Sunday production. 
Boston Common|1996|Boyd Pritchett is a guy from Virginia who is bringing his sister to Boston to go to college. After arriving he meets a student named Joy and is captivated by her. And when Boyd displays his skills as a repairman he gets a job working at the college. And he hopes to hook up with Joy but she already has a boyfriend, s professor. But he decides to stick it out. After moving to Boston from Virginia, to spy on his sister who just started college, Boyd finds himself working for the student union where he raises hell more often than he should. 
Boston Legal|2004|Ethically-challenged attorney Alan Shore, formerly of Young, Frutt & Berluti, settles in at a wealthy and powerful firm focusing on civil cases. With some help from his friend and mentor, veteran attorney Denny Crane, Shore quickly makes his mark winning cases no one would take, often using less than honest methods. In doing so, he develops a rival in his colleague Brad Chase, who has been assigned to the office partly to keep an eye on the increasingly eccentric (and possibly senile) Denny Crane. Though his questionable conduct might make him a few enemies along the way, Alan's not one to be underestimated, nor will he let trivial things like honesty or integrity get in the way of winning a case. 
Boston Massacre|2011|Detective Jack Reilly finds his sister murdered. He confides in his ex-girlfriend, Jessica Angel, but there are signs of distrust. All possible leads suggest that the crime boss, The Empress, may have ordered the hit. When Reilly 'investigates' some of The Empress' soldiers, he finds himself in a very volatile situation. 
Boston Med|2010|This is an eight-episode documentary series chronicling the life and drama of staff, nurses, patients and their families at three major hospitals: Massachusetts General Hospital, Brigham and Women's Hospital, and Children's Hospital Boston. 
Boston Public|2000|Buttle meets a beautiful girl, Lisa, who shares his love of Shakespeare. Back at Winslow High, Senate learns that Juan Figgis' mother has been convicted on drug charges and is going to prison. Meanwhile, Lipschultz collapses in class and is rushed to the hospital. Buttle breaks up with Louisa when he realizes he is in love with Lisa, only to find out she is not a 20-year-old Harvard student, but an 18-year-old student at Winslow High. 
Bot Bot & Spectacles|2016|BOT BOT is sad when learns that the PINK DOLPHIN can't join him, SPECTACLES and CAPYBARA on their walk (because dolphins swim and don't walk). As they continue on their travels, BOT BOT and SPECTACLES are introduced to several different animals and learn their different modes of locomotion. 
Botched Up Bodies|2013|Follows some of Britain's top plastic surgeons who correct cosmetic surgery disasters. With behind-the-scenes access to the renowned plastic surgery unit at the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital, the surgeons correct the catastrophes and give the victims the boobs, faces, teeth and tums that they have always wanted. 
Botched by Nature|2016|Botched by nature is a spin off of Botched an E! Series. In this show Dr. Terry Dubrow and Dr. Paul Nastiff travel across the US to try and help people with visual deformities or abnormalities they were born with. With their expertise they will try to give them the chance to feel and live a normal life. 
Botched|2014|Cynthia's boob job went awry when her nipple was hacked off, crippling her self-confidence. Drs. Dubrow and Nassif vow to aid the breast cancer survivor, but will they be able to help after a shocking discovery during surgery throws their plans off-course? Then, Mike suffers from a nasty head scar, but can't be operated on until his skin stretches. So doctors devise a bold idea! Plus, see if the doctors can fix Michelle's cleft chin mishap. 
Both Worlds|2012|Each week we meet one 18-30 year old who is facing a defining moment in their life, tapping into the unique concerns, hopes and fears this generation faces. Giving the show a 21st century twist, participants use handicams to record their own candid thoughts, feelings and opinions as well as introducing us to their refugee or migrant communities and navigating us through their, at times, contradictory worlds. The series presents a dynamic collection of surprising, funny and poignant personal stories about kiwis either living a culture clash or enjoying the best of both worlds. Prepare to laugh and cry with the unique and familiar in a documentary series that takes minority programming to another level. A switched-on and entertaining show that gives a voice to a vibrant and progressive group of young Kiwis with a foot in Both Worlds. 
Bottersnikes & Gumbles|2016|In a far away forgotten valley, heaped with long abandoned junk, a timeless battle rages between good and evil - and also between squashy and scaly, happy and grumpy, clever and wily, handsome and plain old ugly. This is the land of Bottersnikes and Gumbles. Follow the adventures of three Gumble heroes, Tink, Bounce and Willi, who love nothing better than to 'gumble' all day long which means crazy, stretchy capers around their junk valley while carefully avoiding getting tin-canned by their stinky, grumpy, lazy neighbours the Bottersnikes. Full of action, suspense and laughs! 
Bottle Boys|1984|Star of the oh-so-British series of saucy Confessions movies, 'Robin Askwith' (qv), was the leading man in Bottle Boys, portraying an accident-prone, football-mad milkman doing the rounds for Dawson Diaries, based in south London. His fellow milkmen were blokish and berkish - among them Jock the boozy Scotsman, teddy-boy Billy Watson and Joe the obligatory black, while Stan was the Welsh-born depot manager and Sharon his big-boobed, unable-to-type secretary. The series was predictably high on low-brow humour and slapstick, but, while his impish grin was much in evidence, viewers were at least spared the famed Askwith derriere that had loomed so large and so often on British cinema screens in the 1970s. They were, however, treated to the sight of the actor sporting chicken and cow costumes (don't ask) and performing such dangerous stunts as clinging from a sixth-floor parapet and meeting Mrs Thatcher (not the real one, of course). It is with a certain degree of relief that one notes that, reputedly, Bottle Boys was despised within ITV circles and its lack of political correctness was the last straw for certain of its comedy executives. ITV sitcoms had often plumbed the depths, but this was the limit. 
Bottom Little Theatre|2015|Anybody who's ever had a dream knows that only one little thing stands between them and their idealistic vision: reality. Meet pragmatic and talented Kath Bailey and her artsy best friend Ariel Lovage, the "Laverne & Shirley" of our times, starry-eyed best friends whose dream is to create great theatre. Despite their full-time, mind-numbingly insipid temp jobs, their crazy, trend-obsessed roommate, and the dicey community theatre they've committed themselves to, Kath and Ariel cling to the hope that someday they will create something beautiful. Bottom Little Theatre is a quick-paced mockumentary "Waiting for Guffman" styled web series that follows the earnest friends on their journey to realize their dreams with the hilarity, sincerity, and sometimes disillusionment that constitutes community theatre and its cast of eccentric characters. Clean and irreverent humor with lots of heart. 
Bottom|1991|Edward and Richard are best buddies living off the government doing nothing more than having a good time and breaking stuff. Richard "Richie" Richard and Edward "Eddie" Elizabeth Hitler (No relation) are two losers who share a flat in Hammersmith. Richie has never had sex and doesn't have a girlfriend and doesn't accept the fact that women don't want to sleep with him and Eddie is a bald alcholic who has bit of a drinking problem and he loves smashing everything to pieces. Both Richie and Eddie are unemployed and they spend most of time beating each other up and breaking everything and they get very frustrated with each other and they find themselves in all sorts of situations, as both Richie and Eddie are both on the bottom end of the social spectrum. 
Boughetto|2014|This series is a breakthrough performance, moving tales, based on real life stories about struggles with dating, good and bad career choices, family and everyday battles with life as a black woman. This is not a fairytale show where everyone is wealthy and uppity, but it is filled with fun, drama, struggles and real ghetto stories. Boughetto: A little bougie but can get ghetto when needed... Can you relate? Boughetto is a breakthrough performance, moving tales, based on real live stories about struggles with dating, bad and good career choices, family and everyday battles with life as a black woman. This series is not a fairy-tail show where everyone is wealthy and uppity, but it is filled with fun, drama, struggles and real ghetto stories. 
Bougie Dilemma|2015|A comedy web series about a Haitian American deluded optimist with a serious case of Bougie Bilemma. Season 1 follows the ups and down of her life as she gets hollered at, develops reverse dysmorphia in a casting office and dates Mr. Wrong. 
Bougie|2013|Cab and Gigi try to dine at the best restaurants and attend the best parties, but never drop a cent for the check or a gift for the host. They live under the illusion that they are international reciprocal members to all of the finer things in life. 
Bound by Shadows|2017|Rose Hathaway and Lissa Dragomir are back and hoping for an easy school year after a near-death encounter with Lissa's Uncle, Victor Dashkov. But for this dhampir and vampire duo, "easy" is never in the cards. Rose continues to fight with her mentor, and sometimes love interest, Dimitri Belekov. All the while Lissa is still trying to figure out what her newfound Spirit powers mean, while trying to avoid a potentially dangerous family member. Together they will fight Strigoi, unforeseen enemies, and their own demons to keep the ones they love safe from harm. Will they succeed? Who will pay the ultimate price? Find out more as this series unfolds. 
Bound for Glory|2005|McKees Rocks, PA located 12 miles from Pittsburgh, is quintessential small town America - population 6000. It's a former coal-mining town that turned to the steel industry and then the airline industry. Airline cutbacks and loss of jobs have taken McKees Rocks into a notable economic decline in recent years. The high school football team, the Montour Spartans is also in total disarray. In spite of their past glory - when they won State championships, were known to go without ever losing a game and the players were local heroes - the football team has lost almost every game for the last several years. But the town still remembers what it was like to be proud of their team and to this day tell their children stories of big games, star players, and triumphant moments. Thousands of people still come out to support the team but they don't have much to brag about. But that's all about to change. Enter NFL legend DICK BUTKUS. He's here to give this ragtag high school football team a much-needed overhaul. He will be their coach for one season. He will bring in former Kansas City Chief Ray Crockett as an assistant coach. He will discipline, drive, and inspire these boys to succeed. He will make them a team. And in this process, he will transform an entire community and help restore them to their former glory. 
Bound for Home|????|A one hour drama about two single parents who merge their struggling families for the sake of their kids and quickly learning that coming together under one roof creates more problems than it solves. An updated, dramatic take on "The Brady Bunch". 
Bound to the Body|2017|These episodes are based on a story about different things happening in each person's life. Charlie's life isn't going good because his fiancÈ' Kesha is cheating on him with his best friend Daz which he knows him by D and finds out later on that he's Daz...the number in Kesha's phone! Debra is so caught up in her celebrity career that she can't focus on her kids. Her babysitter/housekeeper (Zetta) threatens to get custody of her kids. Rachel suspects her husband is cheating on her with someone and finds out it's her best friend Francis! Daz borrows money from Freddie the neighborhood OG and later on he has trouble paying him back! 
Boundary Issues|2017|After the loss of the only job she has ever known at a local hardware store, the young vibrant, single Latina, Felicia decides to become a border patrol agent--despite her family's nefarious background. Her brother is a drug runner and her grandmother runs a safe house for immigrants with the neighborhood priest. Felicia is the only one in her family who is documented. Life on the border is a balancing act. 
Boundless Salvation|2015|Boundless Salvation is a four part exploration of Salvationist History Theology Culture and Mission. Episode 1 is a journey through the first 25 years of Salvation Army history as a window on the early spirit and power of the movement Episode 2 takes us back to the theological origins of the Army tracing the significant influences on Catherine & William Booth Episode 3 traces the development of the rich internal culture that sustained the Army through the twentieth century. It explores our understanding of Christ and his mission as a guide to our future. Episode 4 looks at the remarkable parallels between the world of William Booth and the world of today. It traces some of the Army's early social campaigns. It examines the innovative structures introduced by the Army to meet the challenges of the 19th Century and assesses their worth for the 21st Century. 
Boundless|2013|Boundless is an adrenaline-charged documentary series following the adventures of friends/fierce competitors Simon Donato and Paul "Turbo" Trebilcock in their worldwide quest to challenge their limits in some of the most extreme competitive events on Earth From single and multi-day ultra marathons, to open-ocean standup paddling, to multi-day class 3+ kayak races, canyon bike races, and grueling triathlons, the events range from very well known to totally obscure Boundless is a riveting character study of two friends competing amoung themselves and others, revealing all the conflicts they encounter, incredible characters they meet, and set in the unforgettable backdrops of their surroundings. 
Bounty Girls: Miami|2007|In the premiere episode, the 4 ladies go after two men who've defaulted bail on drug possession charges. Fugitive #1 is reportedly armed and dangerous, whereas #2 is a husband and father whose wife must decide whether or not to help with his capture. 
Bounty Hunters|2017|Barnaby Walker (Jack Whitehall) couldn't live a more tranquil, middle-class life if he was a character in a Hollywood Rom-Com starring Hugh Grant. He lives in leafy Wimbledon, drives a Smart Car and is studying for a PhD in Flemish textiles. However, when his antiques-dealer father (Robert Lindsay) winds up in hospital following a mysterious accident bookish Barnaby takes it upon himself to save the family's cash-strapped business, but a dodgy deal masterminded by his dad leaves Barnaby fifty-thousand pounds down and lumbered with a looted Syrian treasure. He is determined to recover the cash, but to do so he needs some help - big time. In steps Nina Morales (Rosie Perez) a tough-talking, Brooklyn bounty hunter who Barnaby's sister just happened to bump into while travelling. The mismatched pair team up on a madcap mission to get Barnaby's money back - but Barnaby's life spirals further out of control when they are forced into the paths of the police, terrorists and a dangerous Mexican drugs cartel. 
Bounty Momma|2015|The bounty hunting world will never be the same under the watch of hot redneck momma Twyla Sue Dollarhide and her dim witted family. Twyla Sue Dollarhide, aka "Bounty Mama", is a no-nonsense southern firecracker with a reality show who, despite the incompetence of her gun toting lamebrain family and film crew, proudly boasts that she "always gets her man"! This reality parody brings the viewer inside the day to day of a dysfunctional family business that turns otherwise mundane bounty escapades into mayhem and madness. 
Bounty Wars|2012|When a fugitive skips court and goes on the run, bail bonds companies are on the hook for the money. To motivate bounty hunters to find the accused and recover their cash, these companies create competitions. 'Bounty Wars' tells the stories of these real competitions. In a race against the clock, three bounty hunting teams from California-based Bad Boys Bail Bonds are given five days to put a list of accused in custody while earning big bucks for taking big chances. 
Bounty|2017|In a very near dystopian future, the police have been abandoned in favor of 'reality policing'. Every citizen is free to arrest criminals and collect a government funded reward. Any citizen fortunate enough to capture a criminal on the Government Top 100 list, will get to collect their reward live on airmen the reality television show titled 'Bounty'. 
Bouquet of Barbed Wire|2010|Summoned by the police to the scene of a car crash,wealthy architect Peter Manson recalls events from months earlier. Married to counsellor Cassie,he has a strong,almost obsessive bond with sixth former daughter Prue and is not happy to learn that Prue is pregnant by her former English teacher,the arrogant Gavin,whom she intends to marry. Peter wants Gavin arrested but Cassie feels this would alienate their daughter,who admits that she only applied to university to please Peter and is happy with Gavin. Peter confides in Sarah,his new intern at work and later begins a sexual affair with her. Gavin,now a manual worker,rips up the cheque offered him by Peter to leave Prue. He also shows himself capable of extreme domestic violence towards his new wife. 
Bourbon Street Beat|1959|A family approaches Rex and Cal when they become concerned about a series of voodoo symbols that have been delivered to their home. The family think it is just mischief, but Cal's knowledge of Voodoo suggests far more sinister motives are in play. 
Bourbon Whiz|2013|Millions have experienced the timeless tale of THE WIZARD OF OZ, either through the original book by L. Frank Baum, or the classic 1939 film starring Judy Garland. Yet, the new web series, BOURBON WHIZ, offers a modern, more adult take on the childhood favorite. The show stars Marisa Welles as Dotty, a young girl who lives in Prudence, Kansas, a small town where alcohol is sold every day - except Sundays, due to dry county laws. Longing for a stiff drink, not to mention excitement, she and her friends wind up on a wild journey to New Orleans. There, she meets some twisted variations on The Cowardly Lion, The Tin Man, and The Scarecrow. Together, they team up to battle the Wicked Stripper Of The West Bank (played by Jacqueline Fleming) and in search of the mysterious and magical Bourbon Whiz. Leduc describes BOURBON WHIZ as a collision of musical theatre and Bourbon Street. There are many similarities between BOURBON WHIZ and the original WIZARD OF OZ, but the differences are evident. "There's a ruby red G-string instead of ruby slippers, she meets a crackhead who's lost his crack (Palmintier), and a living statue who's looking for motivation (Deejay Buras), and a barker who's looking for a three-for-one sign (played by Leduc), so they end up going to see Bourbon Whiz," says Leduc. Along with original songs, the show also has parodies of the classic songs from the original WIZARD OF OZ. The songs are performed in various styles, from rock to country, blues to techno. BOURBON WHIZ is a show with a lot of 'in your face' sexual humor, one that provides viewers with a uniquely adult twist on a story we've all grown up with. 
Bouscotte|1998|La vie de deux familles ennemies du bas du fleuve, les Beauchemin et les BÈrubÈ, qui voient leur paix fragile bouleversÈe lorsque LÈonie BÈrubÈ Èpouse Charles Beauchemin. Personne ne se doutait que cette derniËre Èlaborait un plan qui allait dÈtruire ‡ jamais la famille Beauchemin. 
Bowling Showcase|2015|All the excitement of the MDUSBC tournament Bowling Season from the bowling Capital of the World! Each episode includes coverage of professional MDUSBC bowling tournaments as well as feature stories and a 7 week bowling showcase challenge matching bowling teams from various local centers competing in head to head elimination matches. 
Box Art: The Stories Behind the Covers|2018|"Box Art - A Gaming Documentary," looks to probe all eras of gaming, across PC and home consoles. We'll connect with the artists, discover their process, how box art has evolved, the role of said cover art, and even look into related pieces like game manuals, strategy guides, and gaming magazines. From big questions like, "when does something become art and/or collectible?" to "does art have to by tangible to be art?," we hope to hit all corners of the canvas with this film. 
Boy Meets Boy|2015|It follows the story of Matt right after he comes out of a five year relationship with his boyfriend Kyle, into the new way of dating with mediums such as apps, online dating and the unwritten rules of surviving in the gay community. Luckily, his best friend Damien is on hand to help him. Damien knows a thing or two about successfully navigating the gay scene so with his help, Matt gets involved. He writes about his experiences on his blog and along with a break up fresh in his mind he has to discover what love is all over again. This campaign is important to us as a team as it will help us to break the barrier of 'LGBT' stereotypes. It's our goal to show another side to a mostly unknown world and will hopefully give other LGBT members a show that they can enjoy and hopefully relate to in terms of the situations that our characters find themselves in. 
Boy Meets Girl|1967|Lucinda has to live with, and try to bear, her aged Aunt Emerald. But Emerald's tastes for salmon and costly drinks are hard to sustain on Lucinda's pittance from Mr. Swyvoski's antique shop; so they have to take lodgers. Mr. Trace asks only to be left in peaceful enjoyment of his role being a failure, but bold Phelim O'Donnell, Irishman and drunk virtuoso, is a very different kettle of poteen, and his arrival marks the beginning of a life which is fuller (particularly in the alcoholic sense) for the bewildered Lucinda. 
Boy Meets World|1993|In this TV series we see the "adventures" and goofs of a young schoolboy named Cory Matthews and his best friend Shawn Hunter. At school, they aren't very popular with girls, and they have enemies like Harley, Joey, and Frankie. They also get often in trouble with Mr. Feeny, the school's funny principal. The show starts with Cory as an average eleven year old boy. He has a best friend from the other side of the tracks, a teacher that constantly keeps him on his toes, a classmate named Topanga who he has trouble understanding, and a family that keeps his life interesting - including an older brother who seems to become more idiotic as the show progresses. As years wear on and Cory grows up, everything gradually changes. Shawn begins to feel the strains of his less than perfect life, Topanga become more than a friend, and the constant spinning of the world leads up to Cory slowly becoming less naive and more responsible. The show begins and progresses the adventures and goofs of adolescent schoolboy Cory Matthews, his best friend from "the wrong side of the tracks" Shawn Hunter, his hard-to-understand girlfriend Topanga Lawrence with the help of former teacher now principal and Cory's next-door neighbor George Feeny and his continually-progressing idiotic older brother Eric. 
Boy in the Bush|1984|In the 1880s, Jack Grant a young Englishman, has been sent by his parents to make a new life in the pioneering colony of Western Australia. When he arrives, he is met at the dock by Mr George, who introduces him to his mother's relatives. Jack's life is to be full of adventures, including taming horses and fighting kangaroos. Jack also competes for the love of two cousins. 
Boyband|2016|Lance Stewart. Preston Sterling. Yancy Kaminski. Chad Steele. Shaun Meadows. Individually, they are five young visionaries who share love for music and dreams of superstardom. Together, they form a blossoming artistic unit of refreshing youth coupled with deep emotional resonance - so deep they haven't even come up with a name for themselves yet. Nonetheless, this cohesive collection of high school harmonics is poised to dominate the boy band scene over the coming year. 
Boygiri|2017|Meet the men your mom warned you about. Every day is a new adventure, and every moment is just another chance to have crazy, uninhibited fun with their friends. Pragnesh, Adwait, Manjot, Jatin, Ravi, and Bandah are six grown men who refuse to let go of two things in their life: their friendship, and their 'Boygiri'. 
Boys Before Friends|2013|Zoey, a dancer from a middle class family, gets accepted to an elite program for the rich and famous her final year of Grad-School. The school is run by 4 guys from the most elite families in the country known as the F4. When Zoey stands up to the F4, she finds herself on the bad end of their temper before finally falling in love with the leader. 
Boys Dreamz|2002|Somewhere out there, in a world of adventure, special agent Kenan Raven of The Secret Service of the Future is testing tomorrow for you today. Cool gadgets, exotic locations, fatal women, extreme sports and glamourous lifestyles -- Boys Dreamz has it all! 
Boys Toys|2011|Hong Kong: Year of the Horse-Power We're on the hunt for the most exciting experiences that Hong Kong has to offer. From an exclusive ride in a spine-tingling super car, a dream mega-yacht, and an adrenaline pumping water sport, get set for a trip of a lifetime. 
Boys be...|2000|It is the year 1999: a year of transience, of endings and beginnings. Few else understand this better than the group of friends about to undertake a new high school year. There is Kyoichi and Chiharu, two best friends who are inevitably drawn to each other; Yoshihiko, a sports star who finds the woman to inspire and guide him; Aki, a dreamy-eyed full-fledged romantic in love with her ex; Makoto, a pervert and self-proclaimed ladies' man and Yumi, the sharp-tongued but kind-hearted friend who helps him out. As the new millennium approaches, each of the gang walks the age-old up-and-down road of relationships in their own way. What will became of them all, especially Kyoichi and Chiharu? 
Boys in the Band|2015|When local Manchester band The Lads lose out on a major record deal the boys must contemplate the next move in their lives which could be splitting up and giving up the dream of becoming the next big thing musically to come out of Manchester. 
Boys to Men|2015|"Boys To Men" focuses on Ran, a 23-year-old Israeli, and Alex, an 18-year-old New Yorker and the other misfit residents, whose typical day in the dorm consists of ego clashes, inappropriate behavior and chaos. As they grow older throughout college, their friends, problems, and the girls they are seeing change. Can the odd couple stay best friends through their up's and downs? 
Boys with Toys|1999|"They're not dolls - they're ACTION FIGURES"! boys with toys examines the world of "Action Figure" enthusiasts, men who play with dolls. Why are people so attached to an inanimate toy? This documentary is about a group of men who have rediscovered a connection with their past, a league who have refused to put away their childish things. The film explores what Action Figures mean to them and how they have affected their lives. 
Boyster|2014|Boyster is spending all of his time with Bruno, who is new to the neighborhood, and Rafik feels left out. What Boyster doesn't know is that Bruno is actually a chef with a particular liking for oysters and has taken on the appearance of a little boy. 
Boystown|2009|Boystown is a story that would essentially differentiate teenage boys from real men. Situated at a reform center supposedly for juvenile delinquents and street children, Cottage No. 5 houses four rebellious teens who have no sense of purpose up until coach Daniel ('Romnick Sarmenta' (qv)) have encouraged them to join the swimming team led by Arnel ('Enchong Dee' (qv)). Their lives become more complicated, however, as the latter inevitably meets rich preppy boy Arkin ('Robi Domingo' (qv)) who takes an instant dislike towards him. 
Boystown: West Hollywood|2012|Boystown: West Hollywood, is a documentary short series which follows the dynamic lives of seven Gay men living the hills above Los Angeles' best known gay-centric neighborhood, a.k.a 'WeHo'. With an emphasis on ethnic and age diversity, 'Boystown' delves into the most important issues that affect the Gay male community, including HIV/AIDS and substance abuse. The cast of "Boystown" enjoyed the benefits of living in a stylish luxury residence, where we witnessed the drama unfold and the conflicts arise; as the mesh of seven different personalities from diverse backgrounds, collided under one roof. 
Bozo's Circus|1961|Henry Maar, "The Sultan of Balloons" performed as the Center Ring Act. He did sculpting of various balloon animals for the live audience and home viewers. He also shot several balloons into the audience and through a target held by his son, Joseph Maar. 
Bra Girl|2012|Can a young man track down his Cinderella using her bra as his only clue? Amour ('Mariko Ookubo' (qv)) is a Japanese student studying in Taiwan. When she accidentally drops her bra at the public laundry, a dog named Chocolate, who belongs to Sung Yi-Hsiang ('William Liao' (qv)), picks up the bra and runs off with it. 
Braceface|2001|Growing up is never easy, and no one is learning that faster than 12 year-old Sharon Spitz, voiced by actress Alicia Silverstone. Sharon faces the challenges of adolescence, eighth grade, and living with a mouth full of metal! Unfortunately, she finds herself dealing with mysterious mishaps caused by her braces. Despite the mayhem that follows in her wake, Sharon always walks away from trouble smiling - with a tin grin, of course! 
Bracken's World|1969|Century Studios head John Bracken dominates the lives of film-industry folk and wanna-bes through his secretary Sylvia. 
Brad Meltzer's Lost History|2014|Host Brad Meltzer enlists America's help to find lost and stolen historical artifacts, which are going missing from museums and public collections at an alarming rate. Among the missing: rare and historic footage from D-Day, shot behind enemy lines during an remarkable mission. Then, FDR's inaugural address is just one of many stolen from the National Archives. Plus, the shocking tale of George Harrison's guitar. 
Braddock Hunt|2015|Braddock Hunt is an action adventurer who you really shouldn't be taking too seriously. He tries his best to live on the wild side. He campaigned for The Cream Tea Party in 2015 and spent many days trapped underground. He is the modern day explorer we all love. 
Brahmarakshas: Jaag Utha Shaitaan|2016|Set in Kamalpura, a remote village in India where the newly wed brides live under constant fear of becoming a prey to unknown monster. Since this unknown beast or demon attacks the newly wed brides, the brides of Kamalpura have started wearing white vermilion, white bangles and anklets without the tiny bells attached to it. Is it a human or a demon or a myth, the reality is unknown. 
Brain Fitness|2007|Dr. Michael Merzenich, PhD demonstrates how experts in various fields improve their neurological abilities through sustained, continuous, intense practice of their respective skill set and how such consequential neurological findings in experts compare to the average individual. 
Brain Games|2011|On this beastly episode, it's going to be heads vs. tails as we pit humans against animals in series of unique competitions. And if you play along, you'll discover how a bird can eat like a horse, a dog can be jealous like a baby, and how a chimp can make you look like a chump. Who will win this interspecies showdown? Don't bet on the wrong horse. 
BrainDead|2016|A young, fresh-faced Hill staffer gets her first job in Washington, D.C. to discover two things: The government has stopped working, and alien spawn have come to earth and eaten the brains of a growing number of Congressmen and Hill staffers. 
Braineaters|2006|Segments: Scenes from the 2006 NYC Halloween Parade "Jorge Nipplechest Investigates"... Case 01: Bad Movies at the Cineplex "Prostitute Hunter" Episode 1 "Feed Me" (with Kaya) A Rotten Banana Wrapped in Ham! "Bastardpiece Theater" The Mailbox. 
Brainfood Reviewed|2017|Onslow the Undead and Melee the Mostly Dead Mail Lady are back to review all things Zombie. This week Onslow reviews "Santa Claus Versus the Zombies," and the short zombie film, "A Christmas Carol + Zombies." Onslow and Melee also receive an unexpected guest. 
Braingames|1983|"Braingames" originally a was a program that aired Mondays on HBO in 1983 and are also available as series of interactive videocassettes that integrate history, art, music, culture, and sports. Each cassette features two episodes, such as "Wrongovia" (Mystery and History), "Safari Solitaire" (Animal Quiz), "Memory Rock" (Memory Challenge), and many more. 
Brainiac: Science Abuse|2003|In this episode, Brainiac boffin Jon Tickle takes the plunge into a pool of syrup...all in the aid of science; there's everything you need to know about burping; and we find out which is Britain's strongest fixer. Finally, the first caravan of the series is blown up... 
Brains|2015|"Brains" is a 10 episode web series set after a three year zombie apocalypse on a college campus. 23-year-old Alison Sumner is a neuropsychology student with a zombie (Carl Markham) as a best friend, who spends her time doing research about the zombie plague and crushing on a fellow student (Damian Phillips). Alison "vlogs" her quest to seduce her crush as an independent study art project, but as the series goes on, it becomes much more an account of her life post-apocalypse and, eventually, a murder-mystery. 
Brains: Minisodes|2016|A spin off of Brains, an original web series, beginning in season 2. The minisodes will be uploaded in between main episodes of the series. They act as world building for the larger story happening in the main episodes, offering new insight into the characters. 
Brainstorm|2009|Brainstorm follows the employees at Yogurt - a struggling Ad Agency that has just lost its biggest client and is on the brink of collapse. The folks at Yogurt need to land the Altoids account in order to save the company. In a last ditch effort, the company's president decides to hire hot shot freelancing ad wizard Rock Shanz to lead the pitch. Will he take Yogurt to the promised land? Or take it down with his crazy ideas? Ben, a full-time art director at Yogurt, needs to overcome his history with Rock Shanz, land the Altoids account and the hottest girl in the agency, Sarah. That is, before Rock does. 
Brainwashed|2013|A girl who grew up lonely, raised in a broken home by a divorcee mother, Angela King becomes a lost, angry and confused teenager who craves acceptance. She has no clue that falling in with a group of skinheads will lead to her transformation into a white supremacist preaching hate in her neighbourhood. As her life spirals out of control and she becomes involved in violent confrontations, including a stand-off with a SWAT team and brutal attacks on other gang members, she starts to question her actions. But it's only when she is sent to prison for armed robbery that she can find redemption and eventually use her experience to warn others about the power of hate. The Power Of Hate by xDarkestRainx 
Brainy Bubbly Bug Buddies|2010|Wouldn't it be great fun for an animated series to focus on the lively workings of the insect world, just as children started exploring the wonders of nature for themselves? Brainy Bubbly Bug Buddies, Fantawild's new 104-episode series, spins charming tales from the woods to the wetlands, spotlighting a bustling colony of creepy-crawlies-and the cheerfully troublesome frog they count as neighbor and friend. Amid the insect-adventures, audiences will get a bug's-eye view of the habits and habitats of actual insects of many kinds, and will learn how these creatures thrive in their environments. Imagine children everywhere sitting down to be entertained, and getting up with a new understanding of the world around them! In Brainy Bubbly Bug Buddies, characters thrive in a lush wetland paradise. Among its inhabitants are Bartle Bee, the fencing-master bumblebee; Flutterby, the elegant butterfly; Strobe and Sparkle, the heart-of-gold firefly brothers; and McBroom, the hardest-working beetle in the land. The Marsh is always buzzing with activity, and little viewers will be captivated by the lively blend of action and discovery to be found in its colorful environs. Our exoskeletal heroes bring their collective skills and ingenuity to bear on life's challenges in The Marsh, and in the end, they are rewarded for their efforts. Young learners are thus reminded that problem-solving is often best accomplished as a joint effort-and, coincidentally, that we live in a vast world worthy of exploration at even the most minute level of existence. Regular visits to The Marsh will delight and intrigue, all while nurturing children's budding quest for knowledge-and imbuing them with a healthy respect for life in the natural realm. 
Bram and Alice|2002|Alice O'Connor is ambitious; she dreams of being a writer in New York City. Then she discovers that her biological father is Bram Shepherd, the author of a well-known novel that is required reading on every college campus. She goes to meet him and finds that he's deep in debt and an egocentric womanizer who hasn't written anything worthwhile in decades - still, they manage to make a start at developing a father/daughter relationship. 
Bramwell V|2000|Change is in the air, not just in Eleanor's personal life, but also at her infirmary The thrift, where a new manager is in charge and hostile to Eleanor's impulsive ways. She becomes the recruiting doctor for the British Army, inspecting new recruits for the just declared Boer War. Her fiance Dr. Joe marsham strongly disapproves of his future wife doing such unlady-like work, but her new position wins her the respect of dashing army major Guy Quarrie, who convinces her that Dr. Marsham is no fit husband. 
Bramwell|1995|In 1895, women were not expected to work - or even know about - medicine. Women were expected to work as house-wives, mothers, teachers and nurses. One woman was determined to change that. Eleanor Bramwell works under Sir Herbert Hamilton's supervision. She isn't happy. After he stupidly loses a perfectly healthy young mother, Eleanor decides it is time to make her mark in medical history. Mocked by fellow medical students and questioned by her father, Doctor Robert Bramwell, Eleanor is soon given a renovated building - by donation of the kind Lady Cora Peters - and begins her own infirmary - The Thrift. But with all odds against her, will she survive? Will she make her dream come true? Will her colleagues trust her? 
Brand Spanking New! Doug|1996|Disney's Doug follows 12 1/2 year old Doug Funnie in his town of Bluffington. With his best human friend Skeeter Valentine and best non-human friend (also his dog) Porkchop, they have great adventures! Doug is secretly in love with Patti Mayonnaise but gets bullied by Roger Klotz. Sometimes Doug imagines he is Quailman, a superhero from the planet Bob to help him solve problems. 
Branded|1965|In this Western series, Jason McCord, the only survivor of the Battle of Bitter Creek, is court-martialed and kicked out of the Army because of his alleged cowardice. Rather than demean the good name of the Army commander who was actually to blame for the massacre, McCord travels the Old West trying to restore his good name and reputation. 
Brandi Love's Interview|2016|During an exclusive Brazzers interview, Brandi Love shares her sexy stories about her and her husband, Keiran Lee. Brandi recalls the time when she and Keiran were looking to buy a new house and stumbled upon the sexiest realtor in town, Monique Alexander. While touring the house, the famous porn star couple decide to fuck in their potential new bedroom--much to the delight of the horny realtor. 
Brandi and Jarrod: Married to the Job|2014|Payton and Cameron want allowance, but with the house under construction, Brandi and Jarrod have to think outside the box (and the house) to find chores. Meanwhile, Jarrod demands a say in Brandi's choice of wedding dress. But when Brandi turns the tables on him...watch out! 
Braqueurs|2016|Le 22 mars 1994, un drame se joue aux Galeries de la Capitale de QuÈbec. Les agents de Secur Jean-Louis Lortie et Alain Labrie sont victimes de braqueurs particuliËrement violents. C'est ‡ la sortie de la banque, alors qu'ils transportent une forte somme d'argent que les deux agents sont attaquÈs. Les braqueurs ne leur laissent aucune chance et tirent sans hÈsitation. Alain Labrie tombe sous les balles, tandis que Jean-Louis Lortie dÈgaine et tire, dÈterminÈ ‡ dÈfendre sa peau. 
Braquo|2009|Four police officers of the SDPJ Hauts-de-Seine, Eddie Caplan, Walter Morlighem, Theo Wachevski and Roxane Delgado have their lives turned upside down when their colleague, Max, committed suicide, following a case in which he is unfairly blamed. They then cross the "yellow line", not hesitating to circumvent the law to achieve their purposes in order to wash the honor of their friend Max. 
Brasil Folclore|2017|"Brasil Folclore" is a documentary series with 13 episodes, which accompanies the anticipation, preparation and realization of various regional folklore celebrations throughout the country, discovering their stories and particularities through one or several local characters. 
Brass Eye|1997|First shown in 1997. A mix of surprising celebrity interviews and startling sketches. The first half of the episode delves into the world of animal fetishes, with helpful contributions from Paul Daniels and Carla Lane. The second half focuses on Karla the elephant, who has unfortunately trapped her trunk up her anus... 
Brass Monkeys|1984|When a new pretty female doctor joins a group of men confined to the lonely isolation of the Australian Antarctic expedition, she finds that they are keenly interested in her - and it isn't just her medical skills which holds their attention. 
Brass|1983|Gritty, Northern mining drama meets Dallas. Bradley Hardacre runs the local mine and has to deal with his very strange family as well as the trouble caused by his workers, led by the redoubtable Agnes Fairchild (she of the heaving bosom). Comedy show full of references to other TV shows as well as various historical events. 
Brat Camp|2005|In this reality series, a number of teenagers are followed during an unusual formative episode in their mischievous lives. The term brat suggests that their parents, who are also portrayed, are at least in part to blame for failing to provide a firm, guiding hand, as so many in the contemporary West, but theirs resort to an extraordinary remedy: the kids are signed over to the authority 'in loco parentis' of a professional (but self-made, not formally qualified) team which runs SageWalk, a cross between an old-fashioned summer-camp and a reformatory, in the Oregon forests. 
Brat Farrar|1986|When Alex Loding passes Brat Farrar in the street, he's struck by Brat's uncanny resemblance to Simon Ashby. Simon had a older twin brother, Patrick, who disappeared a decade ago, and was presumed drowned. Simon now owns the family farm, Latchetts, a top-notch stable. Alex asks Brat, who loves horses, if he'd care to impersonate Patrick to disinherit Simon. But as Brat grows closer to the Ashby family, he finds the role a dangerous and wearing one; especially as he begins to suspect that Patrick's death wasn't an accident. 
Bratayley|2011|We were at a local park filming Annie's SAK video and let the kids run around for a little while afterwards. Then we headed to the movie theatre to take Hayley to her first movie at at a theatre EVER. AWESOME. Until she fell asleep right after the previews. Oh well, at least she was quiet?. 
Brattix Web Pilot, the Last Man on Earth Webisode|2016|In the near future, terrorism still hovers the globe like a smothering blanket of pain and unpredictably. The United States and it's allies are on call for the most radical terror alert every recorded in history. The entire world's about to change in the blink of an eye. Case in Point, Down Town Los Angeles is on watch for possible terrorist attacks; the U.S. Army's on mission to prevent this from happening, with several troops posted in the busiest parts of the Down Town area, block to block, trying to put the people at ease, because terror attacks are common place now, Martial Law, is the law. One of these troops will live to tell about the hell fire and brimstone he escaped, leaving him alone to survive the wild animals and dogs left behind with radiation sickness and rabies, on the post apocalyptic streets of L.A, A.K.A., SGT. MC COY, BRATTIX and his RADIO, the only connection he has to his sanity. This is a trip through the world of a man unraveling at the seems, thinking he's the last man on earth. He must find shelter, food, and weapons to survive. Most of all, he must find himself, to find his way back home. Welcome to the uncertain post apocalyptic world of "Brattix, the Last Man on Earth" in this stunning HD Webisode Pilot. 
Bratya Karamazovy|2009|Based on the novel by Fyodor Mikhailovich Dostoevskiy "Bratya Karamazovi", it was his last novel which was supposed to be the first in a series but unfortunately was his last one. This versions is supposed to be closer to the book than any other released earlier. Dostoyevsky intended for "The Brothers Karamazov" to become the first part of a lengthy series of books, but instead it was his last. This chronicle of the Karamazov family has been adapted for the screen before. The most famous adaptations were an American movie starring Yul Brynner as Mitya Karamazov (1958) and a Russian television series directed by Ivan Pyrev (1968). Pyrev's series featured a star-studded cast, including Kirill Lavrov, Mikhail Ulyanov and Andrei Myagkov. However, the actors were much older than the characters they played, which affected the series' interpretation of the novel. A new, big-budget adaptation will be able to draw out the characters in richer detail and give a fuller view of their complex relationships. 
Bratya|2011|Starostin brothers are the sons of a legendary policeman, Colonel Starostin, who has been shot in Rostov-on-Don. Kostya - detective at CID's Murders Investigation Department; Ashot - priest; Nikita manager at a nightclub owned by famous gangster. Despite the difference of characters and complicated relationship, Kostya, Nikita and Ashot are always there for each other . 
Bratz|2015|Who's afraid of the dark? When a storm knocks out electricity in the C.I.Y. Shoppe, the Bratz find the bright side to being stuck in the dark - black light dance party! The Bratz show Jade there is nothing to be afraid of when surrounded by #BFFs, but will they be able to decorate the C.I.Y. Shoppe in time for Jade's launch party? 
Braunschlag|2012|The market town Braunschlag, on the outskirts of Austria close to the Czech Republic is bankrupt. The mayor, under pressure form Russian mafia creditors and state government has an idea after a night of too much alcohol in shabby town-disco: Only a miracle can rescue his position of mayor and his towns fate - they just have to convince the local UFO-nut that he has had a Marian apparition, and the influx of pilgrims will fill their bank accounts. 
Brava Gente|2000|Two young boys, Laranjinha and Acerola, living in Cidade de Deus, one of the most violent neighborhoods in Rio de Janeiro, need some money to go to a concert. The "easiest" (and most dangerous) way to get it is working for some drug-dealers. 
Brave 10|2012|A girl being pursued by assassins runs into a ronin samurai. He saves her and subsequently can't get rid of her, as she begs for him to escort her to a nearby castle. Once there the lord is initially reluctant to help her but turns out not to be so helpless after all, additionally the lord seems to have a plan of his own, the formation of a group of 10 warriors. 
Brave Eagle|1955|When gold miner goes missing, his cabin exhibits the signs of a struggle and arrows with Brave Eagle's mark are found buried in the wall, even the Indian chief's best friend in the cavalry suspect him of committing a crime. Brave Eagle breaks away from his captors in order to find the real culprits. 
Brave New Girls|2014|Jenna Talackova may have been born with the name Walter, but make no mistake, this beautiful knockout is all woman, and she's not afraid to roar - just ask Donald Trump. After skyrocketing to fame as the transgendered girl with the gall to take on "The Donald" for the right to compete in Miss Universe, Jenna won't let anything keep her from her dreams. She's set her sights on becoming a top model, actor, and television personality. And she's got just the right entourage to help her do it: her cousin Angela, Jenna's closest confidant and occasional worst nightmare; her best friend Dajana, a level-headed beauty who's always trying to help Jenna get out of her own way; and Vanessa, Jenna's hard-charging and long-suffering publicist. BRAVE NEW GIRLS follows the lives of these young, hot, up-and-comers as they strive for success, love and the limelight. 
BraveStarr|1987|Marshall Bravestarr is the lawman of the wild-west planet "New Texas" with help from Thirty-Thirty, his cybernetic talking horse and Deputy Fuzz, his sidekick and Shaman, his mentor. Bravestarr with his special powers fights the outlaw Tex-Hex, the leader of the Carrion Bunch, who are after the mineral Kerium, Bravestarr sets out to set things right and enforce peace and justice on "New Texas". 
Bravest Warriors|2012|Beth's "blown away" horse takes her through the inter-dimensional door to the See-Through Zone. But in this strange unnatural rift, a vile lord roams, where Beth's dad is worshipping the creature. Will Beth convince her dad to come back to the real world, or will the behemoth monster swallow them into a world of sedation? Just remember: Never doubt the worm. 
Bravo TV|1993|In 2003 the show has been morphed into a daily-soap-like show. Treated topics are still the same, but now are presented as topics in the plot of the soap. The hosts of the show since then are no longer hosts but hosting actors and actresses. 
Braxton Family Values|2011|Evelyn reveals the news to her daughters about her mini stroke sending the sisters into a panic. Toni and Tamar team up to persuade her to move back to L.A., but the other sisters want her to stay in Atlanta to recuperate. Towanda seeks her sisters help as her daughter Brooke needs to understand the changes a young girl faces leading to uncomfortable questions. Trina announces to her sisters that she has been going to therapy to deal with her issues at hand and confronts them. Trina contacts her ex-husband Gabe leading to visiting a therapist to form a reconciliation in order for her to move on once and for all but Gabe has other plans. Traci becomes worried after receiving some unsettling news from her doctor resulting her to undergo surgery. Trina visits a hypnotherapist to deal with her fear of birds, Tamar and Towanda help Trina to confront her fear by leaving Trina so she can face it alone. Toni has been singing about heartache, struggles and fears for years, but this season she conquers one major fear that's been holding her back. Traci goes back into the studio to record tracks for her sophomore album, she invites her sisters Toni, Towanda and Trina to a session later to find out they were tricked asking them to provide background vocals on the song "Broken Things". 
Brazil Untamed|2016|The Pantanal is the world's largest tropical wetland, a lush environment where a tangled web of lives comes together. Tree-dwelling capuchin monkeys, gravity-defying Piraputanga fish that leap out of the water to pluck fruit from trees, and over 650 species of birds call this ecosystem home. Wade into this wonderland of biodiversity and uncover its natural rhythms. 
Brazil with Michael Palin|2012|Michael proceeds to Brazil's young interior, the Amazon jungle states, land of pioneers and promising future, but harsh present. He visits two native tribes, the famous Yanomani, who grew wisely weary of the Western world which nearly wiped them out, and the more receptive Wauja, who still maintain an even more exotic, fairly authentic way of life. It's still threatened , like their forest environment, by the lure of mineral and agricultural gain for the Portoguese speaking majority, whose authorities take no more account of indigenous interests then foreign pressures achieves. The colonial past includes great riches, either continuing or lost, and gruesome costs. The people are very adventurous and hedonistic, notably 'Amazon' women. 
Brazukas|2011|The story of Zaca and Andre. Two brazilian immigrants from complete opposite backgrounds that meet by chance in London. One is a playboy, a bon vivant student and the other one is a hard working illegal immigrant. After a series of unfortunate events, they must help each other to survive. 
Breach Drama|2010|BREACH tells the lives of young black adults in Europe, mostly in UK. It shows how our decisions and attitudes can cause 'breaches' in our relationships with others. The Series looks at the lives of the 4 main characters Aissa, Bijou, Nina, Nancy from African & Caribbean origins who face betrayal, love issues, career decisions and a number of dilemma's in this exciting new series. 
Bread|1986|The Liverpool-based Boswell family are experts at exploiting the system to get by in life. Despite the fact that none of the Boswells are officially employed, they manage to live a fairly good life thanks government handouts and various cash-in-hand jobs. Family life for the Boswells centres around their God-fearing Catholic mother, Nellie. With her husband having left her for "a tart", she relies upon her eldest son, Joey, to play the father's role to her other three sons, Jack, Adrian and Billy, and her daughter Aveline. Their ability to squeeze the DHSS dry, while the boys earn a living on the side, is legendary. But, although the family is the focus of their lives, they each have different reasons to be unhappy! 
Break a Leg|2007|Andy Corvell hires the cast a new publicist named Stan Marley -- a man whose tagline is, proudly, "We're not happy unless you're not happy." Stan plans on leaking embarrassing personal information about the cast to the press, prompting the cast to stage a sit-in and demand David stop Stan's plans. In the meantime, Andy hires a guest star for the Pilot episode of Groommates named Jimmy Scotch -- an ex-child star and a member of the very creepy Child Actor's Guild -- the only Guild to live in the sewers. Jimmy can help David solve his publicist problem -- but, as David finds out, the stakes are high. 
Break the Bank|1976|Very different in format from the 1945-1957 version hosted by Bert Parks, this show was primarily based on luck and nerves with the ability to separate truth from bluff helping out. Two contestants (One's a Returning Champion) were presented with a 4x5=20 grid with 9 celebrity guests seated along the top and side. Behind each square in the grid was either a set amount of money ($100 both abc & syndicated, $200 on abc, $300 both abc & syndicated & $500 on syndicated), a money bag, a wild account or a blank. If a contestant chose a blank, his or her turn was over and control was passed to his or her opponent. If he or she drew a dollar amount, a question would be asked of the celebrities to the top and side of the square with one answering truthfully (True) and the other giving a fake answer (False). If the contestant picked the correct answer, he or she was allowed to continue. If the contestant picked the wrong answer, he or she was unable to continue and gets the account to him or her. If the player chose a money bag, however, he or she was given the choice of refusing the money bag and continuing to choose squares or keeping the bag but giving up control to his or her opponent. The game ended when one contestant had claimed three of the same denomination squares {ergo: $300-$100x3, $600-$200x3, $900-$300x3 & $1500-$500x3}. If the contestant was able to control 3 money bag squares, he or she would be given to win the special "Break the Bank" Bankroll for collecting 3 cash bags with a dollar sign($) on it that in which started at $5000 and grew larger with each day for 5-Day Week {$500 added early and $250 added late in the run} until it was won. The Bonus Round called "Raise Up The Stakes for $2500" The Champion will able to raise $1000 in order to win $2500 cash prize by having one has a cash amount ($100 to $500) and one has "BUST!" The Champion pick 1 Star has a cash amount or "BUST!" When it's a cash amount he or she will be awarded or When it's a "BUST" he or she lose all the account that collected so far. After that The Champion will face a new challenger. 
Break'n Reality|2012|First up, we meet Neguin, the current break dance world champion. Neguin grew up in a poor neighborhood in Brazil, and has moved to New York for more opportunities in dance. But Neguin also just loves dance for dance's sake and he and his girlfriend surprise a few New Yorkers by staging a stunning dance performance in and around a New York subway station. We also meet Lilou, who lives in Lyon France. Lilou is of Algerian descent, and a proud Muslim, often competing in a "Don't Panic I'm Muslim" t-shirt. Lilou is one of the world's top B-boys, the only one to have won the world championship twice. Lilou has a busy schedule, traveling the globe with his career, but in a rare moment of free time spent with his wife and friends, we learn that he dreams of a simple life with his wife and maybe a family, that is far away from the B-boy scene. Finally we meet Roxrite, born in Mexico and raised in California. Roxrite is one of the most respected B-boys in the scene, though he is still haunted by the fact he has never won the world championship. Roxrite's goal is to do everything he can to mark his place in permanent B-boy history. A master of social media, Roxrite works on a high speed clip of his dance to post on the internet, and keep his name out there. In a conversation with his girlfriend Marisol, we learn that he dreams of opening a dance Studio for B-boys and is going to Florida to meet with a potential business partner. 
BreakThrough|2017|It's finally the day of the high school football championship game for Grayson High and it's also two days away from the second phase of the competition. One of the competitors is suffering from a personal loss. And two (2) more are dealing with estranged figures coming back into their lives. 
Breakaway|1980|Detective inspector Sam Harvey, better known to the general public as the author of the latest best-seller for ages 3 and up, 'Breakfast at the Zoo,' would like nothing better than to retire so he can devote himself full-time to penning the riveting sequels 'Lunch at the Zoo' and 'Dinner at the Zoo.' However, he has to solve a couple of complicated murder cases first. Plot twists and red herrings abound in this intricate thriller series, and corpses turn up with distressing regularity before the culprits are finally collared. 
Breakdowns: The Web Series|2015|BREAKDOWNS is a comedy web series that follows Dave and Cameron, two casting directors with two very different personalities. Each episode focuses on Dave and Cameron auditioning an actor for their current assignment leading to hilarious misunderstandings, strange encounters, and an absurdly funny glimpse of life on the other side of the lens. 
Breaker High|1997|In Amsterdam, Denise ponders the idea of returning home while touring the city and videotaping a letter to her parents. Thanks to Sean and Jimmy, and Cassidy and Ashley, she realises that Breaker High is where she belongs and that her friends need her. 
Breakfast Serials|1990|Series of half-hour episodes included various different sections, "Cheapo TV" were parodies of other TV shows, "Single Tales" had a narrator reading a story, "Zounds" another comedy segment, "Runners", a science-fiction segment, and by far the most memorable, "Nice Chap", a comedy / drama section about a comic strip character who comes to life. 
Breakfast with the Arts (Holiday in New York)|2001|Holiday in New York is A&E Television's celebration of New York City and the wonderful spirit that infuses this town at this same time each year. Filmed in front of a live audience at Times Square Studios, Holiday in New York showcases the talents of an eclectic mix of artists from the worlds of pop, jazz and classical music sharing their favorite songs of New York and the Holiday season. 
Breakfast with the Arts|1991|Aficionados of the arts can enjoy a full Sunday morning of outstanding music performances and in-depth interviews. Among the special features of Breakfast with the Arts are two weekly segments, "The A&E Artist of the Week" and "Arts and Entertainment News." Here, you will get the hottest scoops on the arts world, updated weekly with up-to-the-minute news 
Breakfast|2000|Popular morning news programme that covers many news stories from both the UK and from around the world. Other features include a sports round-up, weather reports every thirty minutes and business news from around the world. There is also a chance for viewers to send e-mails to the presenters giving their views on current world issues. 
Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner|2004|Ever wonder what America is thinking? What better way to find out than to enlist two brash Latino hosts to check the pulse of America one meal at a time. Radio host Neil Saavedra, who produces "The Jesus Christ Show" on Los Angeles radio station KFI AM 640, and Idalis De Leon, a sassy celeb who got her start as an MTV VJ, host Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner, a show that interrupts good meals for even better conversation. These two passionate Latino hosts serve up hot-button issues like prisoner rights, abortion, and gay marriage to restaurant patrons at their favorite eateries. 
Breaking & Entering|2013|Breaking & Entering is an independent series about three friends seeking to enter Hollywood by breaking their backs working as assistants. B&E is based on and inspired by the lives of industry assistants who live and work in REAL HOLLYWOOD with NO ENTOURAGE. B&E speaks to the willingness to do whatever it takes to PAY YOUR DUES for your dreams while asking at what cost? 
Breaking Amish|2012|Follows five young adults who find the courage to leave their restrictive Amish communities. The group head to New York City, where the somewhat sheltered youths begin experimenting with alcohol, living up the nightlife, and experiencing the drama and heartache of relationships for the first time. Four Amish and one Mennonite put everything on the line to answer one question "is there more to life?" Leaving the only home they've ever known, they move to New York City to try a dramatically different lifestyle on for size. The decision to pack up their bags comes with a lot of risk. Each of them face being shunned by their families and possible exile from their communities. In the end, they will decide if they want to remain Amish and Mennonite or seek a future in the outside world. 
Breaking Amish: LA|2013|Sam does not approve of his sister's choices and confronts the father of her new born baby. Lizzie has a big decision to make. Andrew's past comes back to haunt him with his probation officer hot on his trail. Matt reveals big news to the group. 
Breaking Bad|2008|When chemistry teacher Walter White is diagnosed with Stage III cancer and given only two years to live, he decides he has nothing to lose. He lives with his teenage son, who has cerebral palsy, and his wife, in New Mexico. Determined to ensure that his family will have a secure future, Walt embarks on a career of drugs and crime. He proves to be remarkably proficient in this new world as he begins manufacturing and selling methamphetamine with one of his former students. The series tracks the impacts of a fatal diagnosis on a regular, hard working man, and explores how a fatal diagnosis affects his morality and transforms him into a major player of the drug trade. Walter H. White is a chemistry genius, but works as a chemistry teacher in an Albequerque, New Mexico high school. His life drastically changes when he's diagnosed with stage III terminal lung cancer, and given a short amount of time left to live: a mere matter of months. To ensure his handicapped son and his pregnant wife have a financial future, Walt uses his chemistry background to create and sell the world's finest crystal methamphetamine. To sell his signature "blue meth," he teams up with Jesse Pinkman, a former student of his. The meth makes them very rich very quickly, but it attracts the attention of his DEA brother in law Hank. As Walt and Jesse's status in the drug world escalates, Walt becomes a dangerous criminal and Jesse becomes a hot-headed salesman. Hank is always hot on his tail, and it forces Walt to come up with new ways to cover his tracks. Middle aged, and overqualified highschool chemistry teacher Walter White has been diagnosed with lung cancer. To make sure his family is financially secure, he teams up with a former student Jesse Pinkman and turns to a life of crime to make and distribute the purest crystal meth on the streets. A once loyal father and chemistry teacher, Walter White, turns to a life of crime due to developing stage 3 terminal lung cancer. He is told he has two years to live. Teaming up with one of his high school students, Jesse Pinkman, he grows in power, battles anyone in his way and raises a family - all whilst hiding from his brother-in-law who works for the DEA. The mishaps of two drug dealers trying to survive in the complicated and corrupted world of crime, leading them from the point of working for money to working to survive; all starting with an honest high school teacher trying to make money for his family after finding out cancer hadn't left him much time. While the men are forced to continue the business, they slowly start to figure a way to leave the job as soon as possible and at any cost. 
Breaking Band|2015|BREAKING BAND, a new original series from AXS TV. The six-episode 30-minute documentary style reality series places legendary musical artists into the role of mentors, pairing them with up-and-coming artists for a once in a lifetime collaboration. This seasons mentors are musician and TV personality Mark McGrath (Sugar Ray), pop queen Belinda Carlisle (The Go-Go's), rock legend Robin Zander (Cheap Trick), award winning producer and techno icon Moby, metal master Sebastian Bach (Skid Row), and guitar idol Dave Navarro (Janes Addiction). As mentors, their role is to share advice and to support the breaking artists debut live performance - potentially even taking the stage to join them for the encore to make broadcast history. The series was shot at YouTube Space LA. 
Breaking Bass|2017|With Carnell's musical background, the production has asked him to record a theme song for the show. Since Nashville is the mecca for music, what better location to lay down some rap tracks than the Music City. The boys will be going to a studio called "The Holler" where many country music stars have recorded. Although there won't be much fishing this day, Carnell has to channel his love of the game into his songs. Oliver wishes he could spit some rhymes but he's happy to oversee the project. Anything can happen when you put a rap star in the hands of country artists. 
Breaking Bed|2017|A riveting tale about a boy in the Bronx raised by outside influences. His daily life story unfolds as his sheets do, by the hands of his maid RQ1. A story about sushi, pancakes, pizza, a slew of trolls, Vinnie, tomato soup, iPhone 7 Plus and Donnie Wahlberg. This is an everlasting story about life, mercy eating, endless sleeping, scamming, lying, tantrums, threats, and just flat out rudeness. Erik Bleaman, known to most of the world as High Pitch Erik, has agreed to an exclusive scientific experiment: allow cameras to stream his life 24 hours a day, sever days a week. No delay, no scripts and no cleanliness. E66, Bleaman's scientific subject name, interacts with fans, feeds and "threatens" those he loves. Observe E66 in his natural habitat exclusively on YouTube. 
Breaking Borders|2015|Mariana van Zeller and Michael Voltaggio travel to Northern Ireland to bring Catholics and Protestants together for a meal and conversation. They witness heated clashes during marching season, sip on Guinness and dine in the Crumlin Road Jail. 
Breaking Boston|2014|It's hard to catch a break in Boston--especially when you're a twenty-something working class girl. Meet Courtney, Kristina, Noelle and Val--four girls trying to get it together in a world of bad boyfriends, dead-end jobs and parents who just don't understand. But, in a town that can be tough and unforgiving, this group of friends isn't going down without a fight. When single mom Courtney decides she wants to go to beauty school, she finds out the hard way that she needs her GED to do it. Val tries to overcome a criminal record by interviewing for an internship with one of the richest women in Boston. And Kristina and Noelle put their feet down with their noncommittal boyfriends. Will they step up to the plate? 
Breaking Boundaries|2016|On April 19 1995, Joe "Lefty" Martinez woke to find that three days prior, his life had changed forever. Unsure & unclear of where he was and how he got there, he made a conscious effort to find the positive in every negative experience and started Breaking Boundaries life threw at him. 
Breaking Bread with Brooke Burke|2015|Brooke and her husband David Charvet invite their close friends Roma Downey ("Touched by an Angel") and Mark Burnett (producer of "The Voice") into their home to fix Brooke's country roasted chicken and share some family holiday traditions. 
Breaking Dating|2015|Actress/Board Certified Life Coach/Dating Expert Brooke Lewis and Actor/Model/Dating Skeptic Michael Bronte bring Breaking Dating to TradioV Thursday's at 5PM PST. After meeting on an online dating site, they became friends and TV Co-hosts, proving that something good can come out of online dating! Brooke and Bronte will be Breaking Dating and breaking down all the BS with dating, online dating and digital dating that single people are challenged with! 
Breaking Fat|2013|Becca, Kibblets and Sunshine live at home. Blame the economy. Blame their parenting. Blame the meth addiction. When obtaining the drug becomes increasingly more difficult (every seller assumes they are undercover cops) the girls come up with the brilliant idea to cut out the middle man. Turning to the penny saver, they procure someone to cook the drug for them. Enter a brilliant, yet quirky, gentleman who goes by the street name "Hindenburg". As they descend into the jiggly dark underbelly of the drug world, they soon find themselves faced with the hard reality of prison after two hardcore, not by the book, detectives bust their dealings. BYLINE: Unable to purchase meth easily, a trio of overweight gals decide to sell their own by enlisting the help of a brilliant, yet crazy, man to cook it. Becca, Kibblets and Sunshine are squatters at Becca's parents house. Blame the economy. Blame their parenting. Blame the meth addiction. When obtaining the drug becomes increasingly more difficult, every seller assumes they are undercover cops, the girls come up with the brilliant idea to cut out the middle man. Turning to the penny saver, they procure someone to cook the drug for them. Enter a brilliant, yet quirky, gentleman who goes by the street name "Hindenburg". As they descend into the jiggly dark underbelly of the drug world, they soon find themselves faced with the hard reality of prison after two hardcore, not by the book, detectives bust their dealings. 
Breaking Greenville|2015|From the producer of The Office, truTV's Breaking Greenville takes viewers behind the cameras of two real-life rival TV news stations in one of the smallest TV markets in America: Greenville, Miss. The character-driven, comedic docu-soap spotlights the playful - and at times cut-throat - rivalry between two local news stations and the dynamic newscasters who are determined to take their jobs seriously, even when some of the news they cover is less than serious. Breaking Greenville is rewarding and often downright hilarious. TV-14 
Breaking Hollywood: One Actor at a Time|2015|Early on, Malcolm had the dubious pleasure of meeting CLARIDA FORTUNE, a bombastic and highly delusional African-American stand-up comedian who considers herself the best undiscovered race comic around. In truth, her income comes less from comedy and more from her lucrative trade as a visa sponsor for those, like Malcolm, desperate to get work papers for the US but once you are beholden to Claridia, there's no telling what she will have you do. Though Malcolm hasn't acted since a disastrous stint on General Hospital in 2005, he still has a manager. DAVE McCARTHY, ex-stunt-double for Kathleen Turner, moved into management after a nasty fall while filming Romancing The Stone. David is an utter narcissist with an eye for the ladies and a razor-sharp instinct to look out for No.1, even stealing jobs from clients for himself. Malcolm's one anchor is his intern, DAVON WRIGHT, a law undergraduate with an unfathomably good head for numbers and accounting. While Davon is able to support Malcolm in keeping his business afloat, he is also able to work it so that this non-paying internship pays in the end. For Davon, the house always wins and he is the Bellagio. 
Breaking In|2011|Following Oz's (Christian Slater) orders to work for Mike Tyson, Cameron (Bret Harrison) enlists his Contra Security co-workers to help a geeky teenager who is being bullied by a high school classmate. Upon arriving at school, Cameron finds an old friend of his working there, too. While Oz mobilizes the rest of the team for boxing champion Mike Tyson's security case, Cameron is put in charge of the plight of fat nerd Leslie Kaczander, who is (cyber-)bullied by high-school jock king Kip O'Bannon, whose ex Leslie desires. The kid's sad fate, even escalating after an intervention from Cam, inspires the rest of the team, even former top bully Dutch, to volunteer assistance. Meanwhile cam bumps into an ex high school classmate, now teacher Patty Boggs, who declares still regretting he never made a pass at her, and they bond over Leslie's case, which reaches a climax at the prom. 
Breaking Magic|2012|Series fuses the showmanship and mystery of street magic with the raw power of science. Watch as each trick surprises unsuspecting bystanders with mystifying results. Today's freshest and most creative magicians show how science works with shocking tricks including knocking down a wall with the power of one's voice, turning a sliver bracelet into gold, slowing the speed of a dropping cannonball and many more. Hidden cameras on the streets of London, Warsaw and New York City capture bystanders completely baffled by these magicians' unexpected tricks. Immediately following these demonstrations, each magician explains the scientific reality behind each illusion. 
Breaking News|2002|The story of the news team at I24, a 24-hour cable news network. Bill Dunne is the anchor of the network's flagship news hour. He joined by Janet LeClaire, an attractive blonde who assumes the coanchor position when her predecessor dies, despite her lack of a serious news background. The anchors and in-studio, off-camera personalities are joined by the stories of several "Man-on-the-scene" reporters and camerapeople. 
Breaking Point|1963|A war hero who played a critical part in preparing an atom bomb that was dropped on Japan eighteen years before, now suffers from a massive guilt complex, that causes an old wound to reopen, and strains his relationship with his Japanese wife, who was caught in the blast. 
Breaking Pointe|2012|Series goes behind the stage curtain for an intense, unfiltered look at one of the most competitive ballet companies in the country, Ballet West, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Beneath the beauty and glamour of the dance and costumes is a gritty dog-eat-dog world of extreme athleticism, focus, dedication, passion, pressure and, of course, the hunt for the unattainable perfection 
Breaking Through|2015|Deville whose 15 minutes of fame as the lead man of an R&B group has slipped away. Now older, married, and with a newborn son. The pressure is on to forget his dream of being a musician and take a "real job" in his father-in-law's company. But he refuses to give up. He'll risk everything to get another shot. 
Breaking Up with Shannen Doherty|2006|Shannen Doherty joins forces with people in relationship peril who want to get out but just can't seem to do it on their own. She will listen to the plight of her new "client" and put their mates to the test by creating a fictitious situation - caught by a hidden camera - to determine the true character of the relationship. If the test is failed, Doherty then helps put the relationship out of its misery. In each episode, Doherty will then help mastermind the break-up, and be on the scene to deliver the news and resolve the break-up. The goal at the end is for both parties to agree that it's all for the best and it's time to move on. 
Breaking the Day|2017|As a nomadic adventure photographer, Krystle Wright is used to heading into the unknown. But her latest ambition to capture a rock climber on the famous Tasmanian spire, the Totem Pole, while suspended above the ocean, has never been done before. 
Breaking the Faith|2013|Young women from a strict polygamist community, run by the Fundamentalist Church of Latter Day Saints, leave their homes aided by a group of young men, cast out from the church. Their escape turns risky when the security wing of the church interferes. 
Breaking the Set|2013|On this episode of Breaking the Set, Abby Martin talks to Jennifer Norris, national victim advocate with the Military Rape Crisis Center, about her experience as a victim of sexual assault in the US Air Force, and about lawmakers' efforts to curb a recent surge in sexual violence in the military. Abby then calls out the corporate press for failing to expose the real reasons why Susan Rice is a controversial pick for Obama's national security advisor. BTS wraps up the show with a look at a brief history of the Bilderberg conference and the power players in attendance this year, and talks with BTS producer Manuel Rapalo about the implications of the intense secrecy surrounding the event. 
Breakneck Builds|2015|Building a home from the ground up used to take months, even years - but not any more. Breakneck Builds is a firsthand look into the awe-inspiring world of modular technology, where some of the worlds most amazing designs are taken from drawing board to reality in a matter of weeks. The show focuses on two families per episode as their dream house goes from Factory, to Freeway, to Foundation in record time. Watch as an army of skilled trades and engineers build unbelievable structures of wood, glass and foldable steel in top of the line facilities and deliver the modules to site where crews battle the elements and the odds to build a home in only a couple of days. Building a home from the ground up used to take months, even years - but not any more. Breakneck Builds is a firsthand look into the awe-inspiring world of modular technology, where some of the worlds most amazing designs are taken from drawing board to reality in a matter of weeks. The show focuses on two families per episode as their dream house goes from Factory, to Freeway, to Foundation in record time. Watch as an army of skilled trades and engineers build unbelievable structures of wood, glass and foldable steel in top of the line facilities and deliver the modules to site where crews battle the elements and the odds to build a home in only a couple of days. 
Breakout Kings|2011|A convict on cleanup duty is harassed day after day by one of the guards--until the day he can't take it anymore. The convict kills the guard and escapes to go find the love of his life. He loves her so much in fact, that he killed her abusive stepfather. 
Breakthrough|2015|An anthology of leading scientists and how their cutting-edge innovations and advancements will change our lives in the immediate future and beyond. The series intends to bring to life the stories, people and technology behind these breakthroughs, and show how they are changing our world. 
Bream Gives Me Hiccups|????|follows a quietly observant child, Oscar, as he copes with the dramatics of his recently divorced mother. He spends his lunches in the janitor's closet at school writing thoughtful reviews of each restaurant his mom dragged him to the night before. He treats the reviews as a diary, documenting his complex relationship with his mother as they both "grow up" in the wake of a divorce. 
Breathe|2017|BREATHE In a not-so-distant future where the world is poisoned by global pollution and dominated by ruthless Corporate States competing for markets and resources, GLOBAL AIR CORP reigns supreme with a stranglehold on the manufacturing and distribution of "breathable air". But in their capital city of a hundred-million where the rich get richer and the poor beg and die for air in the streets, an "everyman", ex-boxing champion and grieving father, SOLOMON, becomes the grain of sand that tips the scales of justice. After his daughter is killed because of an inhumane act by GUSTAVE the ambitious CEO of Air Corp, Solomon discovers that Air Corp will do everything in their power to keep mankind dependent on their products to live, including purposely poisoning the very air man needs to survive. Realizing the evil that Air Corp represents, Solomon seeks vengeance for his daughter's death, targeting the leadership of Air Corp, and in the the process, unwittingly sparking a massive social revolution. With the help of ELIJAH, the head of the underground hacker network SYNONYMOUS, Solomon is transformed from a grieving father, into the unlikely leader of a revolution who's sole purpose is to take the world back from the control of the ruthless mega-corporations and once again allow mankind to breathe free. Let the revolution begin... 
Breathing Room|2017|A recently single, quirky, passive aggressive woman is dumped by her ex after he hits a 100,000 jackpot. While trying to deal with the break-up, she halfheartedly agrees to let her unemployed, conceited , mooching older brother move in. At the same time she is cajoled by her one time college roommate of 15 years ago to couch surf. Comedy ensues. 
Breathless|2013|1961:-Suave Otto Powell is chief gynaecological surgeon at a London hospital, with his brash junior Richard Truscott about to marry former nurse Jean. Otto and his anaesthetist Charlie Enderbury are called upon to perform a lucrative but illegal abortion, which shocks new nurse Angela Wilson. Angela holds this over Otto to gain his help with buying time for Maureen Mulligan, a patient being forced into a loveless marriage. At her wedding gown fitting Jean confesses to Otto's wife Elizabeth and Lily, who is married to Charlie, that she is pregnant by Richard, hence the wedding. Charlie meanwhile has an interview for the chair of anaesthesiology but comes up against rival Dr Mehta and feels he has failed when Otto, part of the interviewing panel, has to leave to help Angela. Jean miscarries on the morning of the wedding but asks Otto to keep it quiet and the ceremony goes ahead. Inspector Mulligan visits the hospital and recognizes Otto, with whom he was in the army in Cyprus some nine years earlier. Nurse Angela Wilson transfers to the New London Hospital and immediately catches the roving eye of the Chief of Gynecology, Otto Powell. She resists his frequent suggestions that they meet outside of the hospital but is pressed into service to assist Powell and his anesthetist Charlie Enderbury when they go off late one night to perform an illegal abortion. Angela also takes an interest in a young patient, Maureen Mulligan, who is apparently being forced into marriage by her parents. Her father Chief Inspector Ronald Mulligan, recognizes Powell from their military service in Cyprus. Meanwhile, Richard Truscott and nurse Jean Meecher are to be married. She is pregnant and on her wedding day she miscarries but insists on going through with ceremony as she is afraid Richard will not marry her if he knows what has happened. 
Breed All About It|1998|The legendary loyalty of the Akita caught the attention of Helen Keller who introduced the breed to America. Originally, the Akita was an all-purpose hunting dog in its native Japan. The breed is said to have been used as a water retriever for fishermen. 
Breeder of the Pack|2008|What profession requires show business acumen, a knack for genetic manipulation, the honed instincts of a seasoned corporate raider and hairdressing skills? Welcome to the world of dog breeders. BREEDER OF THE PACK, a documentary series, follows the stories of interesting and opinionated people who populate the dog world, and the passionate lengths they go to propagate and defend their desirable pooches. Offbeat and endearing, each episode of this stylish series focuses on one breeder and their canine of choice. From "leasing a bitch", to posing for paparazzi, we follow these devoted dog lovers on their quest to conquer the show competition, protect critically sick pups, or go toe to toe with a life-long foe. 
Breezy|2013|After a dreadful audition, Breezy unexpectedly receives a very exciting call back from a very well known, casting director. Will she make it to the callback? Or will the endless serving shifts cock block her into an eternity of waiting tables. 
Bremen: The Last Magic Kingdom|2018|In order to protect his kingdom, court wizard Kregg steals a magical portal from the sorcerer, which is able to create corridors between dimensions. Due to the wizard's mistake a teen boy Dave from modern times gets into the Bremen kingdom through this portal. Dave gets acquainted with Princess Lielle. Young heroes will have to save the fairy world. 
Brenner|1959|An old woman who hasn't seen for years is found murdered in her Greenwich Village apartment and the New York police department is stumped. Lieutenant Roy Brenner goes to his old friend, Charlie Paradise, the unofficial mayor of the Village and requests his assistance. When an eccentric painter is found murdered and one of his painting is missing, Charlie links the clues and stages an art auction to smoke out the culprit. 
Bressie's Teenage Kicks|2014|Niall Breslin, aka Bressie, (The Voice of Ireland coach) has set himself the challenge of making a teenage band. He knows how to spot and nurture talent - but this time he wants to do it in a very different way in a place that's special to him - Limerick. A city with a troubled past, parts of Limerick have been scarred by unemployment and violent feuds - but now Bressie wants to shift the focus. Through his music and rugby career, he believes there is an insane soul to the city. 
Bret Maverick|1981|Tom Guthrie tries to help a young teenage outlaw, William Bonney, aka "Bill the Kid", by sheltering him at the Red Ox. However, when a vengeful U.S. Marshal, Phillip Mondragon, rides into Sweetwater with his posse, Tom appeals to Bret for help. Now the partners have to smuggle Billy out of town and get him to Mexico. Meanwhile, Fred "The Butcher" McShane, a notorious outlaw, rolls into town and Philo figures that Mondragon is after him... and plans to collect the reward. 
Brew Dogs|2013|James and Martin visit remote Juneau, Alaska, and then travel deeper into the wilderness to brew the ultimate Alaskan survival beer. Using spare parts from a pontoon plane as a makeshift brewing kit, they set off with the help of Steve from Alaskan Brewing Co. to forage local ingredients and collect genuine glacier ice. But without any native hops, can the Brew Dogs find a tasty substitute out in the middle of nowhere? Time to get resourceful! 
Brew Masters|2010|Dogfish Head is about to brew a batch of "Chateau Jihau", a 9000 year-old recipe based on pottery jars recovered from a village in Northern China. Sam heads to Egypt in order to bring back to life beer from one of man's earliest civilizations. 
Brew York|2012|Tomm checks out Barcade located at Brooklyn to play video games and try some of their specialty beer. I am definitely going to visit this place to play Contra. A whole generation was obsessed with this video game including me. Which game are you going to play? 
Brezhnev|2005|About the last days of 'Leonid Brezhnev' (qv), the Secretary General of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. He is sick and depressed, but he is still trying to enjoy some pleasures of life. He is hunting, eating, and sleeping a lot. While awake, he is recalling his life and his career. Most depressing are his painful thoughts about his treason against Khrushchev, who promoted Brezhnev to the top. Other senile members of the Politbureau, are nervous about the choice of a successor. Andropov anxiously interrogates the doctor about Brezhnev's imminent death. He asks, "How soon?". 
Brian Cox's Russia|2017|Marking a hundred years since the Russian revolution, Hollywood actor Brian Cox travels to Russia to discover stories of Scots who made this vast country their own. Brian first spent time in Russia during the communist era. Brian taught theatre students at Moscow Arts Theatre for a scheme called Raising the Curtain. His time there gave Brian a life long passion for the country and now he travels back to meet the students and see the dramatic changes. Brian revisits the turbulent times of Russian history including the 1917 revolution, the Stalinist purges and the siege of Leningrad which created surprising bonds between our two countries. The series also covers three hundred years of shared history between Russia and Scotland, from the mercenary who helped shape Peter the Great's army, to the Scottish industrialist who introduced football to St Petersburg. It also celebrates the poetry of Lermontov and his 'Yearning' for the Scottish Highlands as well as the Russian passion for Robert Burns. 
Brian Lehrer Live|2005|Brian Lehrer, the popular host of WNYC, New York Public Radio's "The Brian Lehrer Show," hosts a live, hour-long weekly television program on CUNY TV. "Just like my WNYC show, we'll be trying to get at the truth about life and politics in New York City, and give regular New Yorkers a voice through live call-ins and e-mail," said Lehrer. "We'll be providing direct access to mayoral hopefuls and other major news-makers, and doing New York television's only `open phones' call-ins. We'll also invite people to send in photos and original videos that say something meaningful about life in New York today. And, as on the radio, we'll find our ways to sneak in some fun!" The program is cablecast in New York City on Wednesdays from 7: 30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m., and is simulcast live and archived on-line at www.cuny.tv. To interact with guests and offer your opinion about topics discussed on the show, call (212) 251-0801 or email brian@cuny.tv. "I listen to Brian Lehrer... Wow, I love that guy. I love the show." - Jon Stewart (in a speech at a New Yorker Magazine forum) "Usually a pretty fair and smart guy" - Bill O'Reilly (on his show) "You are it. You are the man." - Thomas Friedman (on "The Brian Lehrer Show") 
Brian O'Brian|2008|Follow the hilarious misadventures of Brian O'Brian, a clever, problem solving, good Samaritan who somehow manages to turn everyday tasks into major comedy mishaps. Watch and laugh as Brian physically gets himself into, then miraculously out of, seemingly impossible situations that go unnoticed by the world around him. Each short episode is silent yet full of cleverly designed music and sound effects that perfectly complement Brian's brilliant physical comedic timing. This show is laugh-out-loud funny! 
Brian Sewell's Grand Tour|2005|Brian Sewell, Britain's poshest art critic embarks on the most famous journey in the world. For hundred's of years Britain's well-to-do considered the Italian 'Grand Tour' - the trip through Ancient and Renaissance Italy - an essential part of a rounded education. Brian first did the 'Grand Tour' exactly 50 years ago - so for him this is also a journey into his own past. A beautiful, complicated, funny journey. 
Brian for Hire|2016|Brian, an unemployed accountant, accidentally records a video resume saying he would do "anything" for work. When his brother posts the video online, Brian decides to accept the job offers coming his way...no matter how bizarre they are. 
Brick City|2009|As they try to build new lives, Jayda and Creep are dogged by their pasts and become entangled in legal troubles. Director McCarthy feels the heat as criticism mounts over police conduct and crime reporting methods. Newly elected governor Chris Christie comes to Newark in an unexpected gesture of goodwill and diplomacy. Mayor Booker conspicuously fails to mention his Police Director McCarthy in his annual State of the City address, raising speculation about the Director's future in the administration. 
Brick House|2014|Neil's therapist (Eric) suggests that Neil try to quit looking at porn, because it seems that Neil has become addicted to it. Neil resists the idea, and in his imagination sings a song explaining why he's "Not An Addict." When he comes back from his imaginary journey, Neil starts to think that it might be a problem after all, and he agrees to try to quit. Neil says - "How hard can it be?" 
Brick by Brick: Rebuilding Our Past|2012|Dan Cruickshank and Charlie Luxton uncover the incredible hidden stories behind historic buildings as they are dismantled brick by brick, and meticulously resurrected in new locations. Every year countless thousands of ordinary buildings are demolished, smashed down to make way for the new, but some are so special they're snatched from the bulldozers and carefully dismantled. When a new home can be found for them, they are lovingly and painstakingly rebuilt. These are not grand buildings, but everyday buildings that give an extraordinary insight into the lives of the people who lived and worked in them. Deep within their fabric are preserved astonishing stories about how we lived and worked. Architectural designer Charlie Luxton explores how these vast and hugely complex jigsaw puzzles are pieced back together, trying his hand at the array of ancient crafts required. Meanwhile, architectural historian Dan Cruickshank investigates the building's history, proving that even seemingly humble buildings have incredible stories to tell. This episode follows the construction of a fully working coal-fired Edwardian fish and chip shop at Beamish Museum. Charlie helps with the refurbishment of one of the world's oldest surviving frying ranges, and gets a horse-drawn fish and chip cart back on the road. Dan discovers the surprising origins of our national dish and explores its rise from squalid back-street outlets to grand fish and chip palaces. 
Brickleberry|2012|Connies gives birth to the anit-christ, setting off Mount Brickleberry which, as it turns out, is a volcano. Denzel immediately senses that something is wrong with the new baby. In an effort to avoid the same fate as Pompeii, Woody buys an underground bunker from Bobby and BoDean. 
Bride & Prejudice|2016|Meet three couples as they decide to make a life-long commitment and get married in the face of staunch opposition from their family and friends. From an interfaith couple in Baltimore, to a gay couple in Boston, and an interracial couple from Houston - these people are all striving to show doubtful loved ones how differences in race, religion and sexual preference do not affect their ability to love and be loved. As they announce their engagements and meet the in-laws, emotions run high. Will familial pressure impact their upcoming nuptials, or will love of a potential spouse outweigh love of family? Will they go through with the weddings if family members don't ultimately approve? Against all odds and in the face of bigotry, these couples will aim to prove that their relationship has what it takes to build the foundation for a long lasting marriage. 
Bride by Design|2014|Heidi's former intern, Molly, is back and has high expectations for the team to create the perfect custom dress she's planned for years. Felisha needs Heidi's help when she is torn between a dress that's sweet or a bit sassy from the Build-a-Bride line. 
Bride of the Century|2014|The Taeyang Corporation is the largest conglomerate in South Korea. The family that runs Taeyang has been under a curse for hundred years that the first bride of the eldest son will always die. Under this situation, a love like fairy tale occurs while conspiracies run rampant. The drama will focus on self-discovery and the search for sincere love. ~ Drama Wiki 
Bride vs. Bride|2006|Rebekah & Steve Rebekah and Steve also used the internet to connect. After meeting online they shared a magical first date and have known they would always be together ever since. They are die hard Harry Potter fans who enjoy travelling together and are always up for a new adventure. Maid of honour Becca, and best man John, the bride's brother, are a couple as well and here to share in the good times! Sabrina & Max Sabrina and Max were both unlucky in love until fate stepped in and they met on a dating website. It was love at first type. Max keeps Sabrina laughing through the hard times and Sabrina lights up the world with her smile according to Max. High school buddy and best man Eitan and triathelete maid of honour Lizzy round out this group of best friends who are definitely here to win. 
Brides Gone Styled|2015|This show is about two stylist that help nominated girls by a family member or friend choose a wedding dress a slightly different from their everyday wear. They give fashion advice while the brides-to-be are trying on their dresses. They also give a hair and makeup choice for each dress. 
Brides of Beverly Hills|2011|Reality TV star Rachel Reilly (Big Brother, Amazing Race) returns - only this time to help her younger and even pickier sister Elissa find a perfect wedding dress and RenÈe struggles trying to dress a stressed out bride and her mother who both got engaged at the same time! 
Brides of Christ|1991|Diane, a young woman growing up in Australia in the mid 1960s, walks away from her fiancÈ to join a convent after being sure she has a calling to the faith. The Catholic Church and its followers are struggling with huge changes. The Pope has died, there is war in Vietnam and mandatory conscription, there is the Vatican controversy on abortion and contraception, and the changing face of the Church as a whole. Told in six parts, Diane faces her own demons and has to finally decide if she can teach what the Church preaches, or if it's simply impossible for her to reconcile all the contradictions of the faith and uphold her vow of obedience. 
Brideshead Revisited|1981|Two young men meet at Oxford. Charles Ryder, though of no family or money, becomes friends with Sebastian Flyte when Sebastian throws up in his college room through an open window. He then invites Charles to lunch after his teddy bear Aloysius 'refuses to talk to him' unless he is forgiven. Charles becomes involved with Sebastian's family, Catholic peers of the realm in Protestant England. The story is told in flashback as Charles, now an officer in the British Army, is moved with his company to an English country house that he discovers to be Brideshead, Sebastian's family home where Charles has a series of memories of his youth and young manhood, his loves, life, and a journey of faith and anguish. 
Bridezillas|2004|It's the jaw dropping conclusion to the story of Jennifer Mahoney and her fiancÈ Shawn. Shawn's mother shows up to the wedding despite her personal feelings toward the bride. We also begin the story of Kenya Fance who doesn't lift a finger in the planning of her wedding. 
Bridgeforth & Stone Podcast/Talkshow|2016|The Bridgeforth & Stone Podcast/Talk-show gives exposure to film, comics, art and entertainment involving people of color. We like to discuss current topics in the industry which surrounds or involves comics, art, and entertainment. Take a break and unwind with Harold Bridgeforth, Ty Stone and guest host Brendan Linehan, were they chat with you about movies, comics and anything else in the entertainment world from an...Urban perspective. 
Bridges of Hope|2001|A charity-oriented project in the format of a television quiz contest. Bridges of Hope, is an interactive TV quiz contest where viewers can participate by phoning in to the studio, to answer a daily fare of multiple choice questions. Bridges of Hope to be produced by the Abu Dhabi Channel / World Television Network (WTN) is presented by the celebrity Iraqi singer Kazem Al Saher. The five-minute interactive quiz programs will be broadcast many times in a day, over a period of 30 consecutive days, starting from the first day of the holy month, on the Abu Dhabi Channel, the Emirates Channel and the Abu Dhabi Sports Channel, reaching over 200 million Arabic speaking viewers worldwide. 
Bridges to Bridges|2012|Claire, a lost soul, is stuck in limbo between heaven and hell. She must wander this "earth" to figure out what life is about and to discover the lessons she would have learned if she was alive. Now through each journey and connection with new people, she has the opportunity to experience it all and possibly gain a second chance to live. 
Bridget & Eamon|2016|It's St. Stephen's Day and Eamon's Mammy has called over to make Bridget's life even more miserable. When Bridget accidentally kills her with an electric carving knife, can they hide the body from all the neighbours, and the GardaÌ, that have called over to watch the big film on the telly? 
Bridget Loves Bernie|1972|Wealthy white-bread Bridget Fitzgerald and lower-class cabdriver Bernie Steinberg meet, fall in love and marry. Even though their love for each other is never in doubt, both are constantly forced to deal with their parents, who are uncomfortable with their kids' differences in social status and religion. 
Bridget|????|BRIDGET is a young (age 13-15), pretty, teenage girl, lean with shoulder-length brown hair and big eyes. She is athletic, dramatic, courageous, kind, generous, and a fresh face. She is loved by everyone and epitomizes a girl coming-of-age. Bridget's innocence, coupled with an earthy, wholesome character makes her a tour de force bringing hope and happiness to everyone she meets. By the end of the story, we see Bridget's personal reality transform from a rural Pennsylvania military brat into an elegant, enterprising and moral young woman. We also see the transformation of everyone she influences. Bridget is a magical Light shining for all. 
Bridget's Sexiest Beaches|2009|Bridget and Pilar Lastra start their visit to Agadir, Morocco, at the RoyalBay Resort, which they find beautiful. After walking on the beach, they get henna tattoos. Next, they get a lesson in belly dancing. They have dinner at Le Mauresque restaurant, where the cuisine includes camel and pigeon. After Pilar returns home, Bridget goes to Casablanca, where she visits Rick's Cafe, a restaurant which opened in 2004, inspired by the cafÈ from the film "Casablanca." 
Bridging Waters|2014|Imagine your nationality changed with the course of a river, you had to travel across countries to find out where your water comes from, or you were stranded in a raging flood for a week. Bridging Waters is a docudrama series that explores the lives of those who reside along Southern Africa's majestic rivers. Join us as we hear their stories, learn of the struggles they face and the need for improved cooperation between the countries that share Southern Africa's waters. Shot in 10 countries over a period of two years, the series delves into the waters of the Zambezi, the Limpopo, the Kunene, the Ruvuma and the Orange Senqu. Rivers are the lifelines of Africa, and it is up to all of us to keep them flowing. 
Brief Encounters|2005|When Amy comes round from a bump on her head she starts hearing voices and isn't sure what's going on. She thinks her husband is cheating on her but he claims he's entirely innocent. Has Amy lost her marbles or has she developed a heightened sense of perception and an adulterous husband? 
Brigaad 3|2007|Brigae 3 is centered on an ambulance brigade consisting of three people who dedicate themselves in saving people's lives. Toomas, an ex-surgeon who has lost his ability to work as a surgeon after a car-accident, is teamed up with a previous car-racer Anti and a nurse Ira. Besides the stressful everyday work, the trio has to deal with each other's tangled private lives and complicated life situations. 
Brigada|2002|Brigada is a group of four friends, who grew up together and formed a most powerful gang in Moscow. Initially they made business together, but an unplanned murder transformed them into a gang. Now their lives are at risk and there is no way back. 
Brigadoon: Marin to Melan|2000|In the year 1969, strange things are happening on Earth: a strange formation known as Brigadoon has appeared in the sky. In addition mysterious alien machines called Monomakia descend from this formation to hunt down Marin Asagi... a normal junior high school girl who had been adopted by an elderly couple. Luckily, Marin discovers a strange blue ampoule in a shrine, which summons an alien protector: a sword-carrying, gun-slinging warrior named Melan Blue. Together, Marin and Melan must save the Earth and find out the purpose of these attacks, and at the same time deal with family crises, prejudice, police brutality, and furthermore come to an understanding in their relationship. 
Bright Falls|2010|Reporter Jake Fischer arrives in Bright Falls to interview a resident psychiatrist about his new book. After hitting a deer on a forest road and a series of odd encounters with townspeople, he soon finds himself blacking out and losing time, waking up in the middle of a forest and other locations where he wasn't previously. He also develops an aversion to light, finds strange and elaborate notes he has taken and suspects that he was somehow involved with the disappearance of a local motel owner. As his perceptions falter, he witnesses the signs of a mysterious epidemic sweeping the town. The longer he stays in Bright Falls, the more unpredictable his blackouts and behaviors become, leaving him no choice but to attempt an escape. 
Bright Lights, Brilliant Minds: A Tale of Three Cities|2014|This is the story of New York in 1951, where the world we know today was born. This was the year when Jackson Pollock brought a new dynamism to American painting, when the dazzling jazz style known as bebop hit its stride and when Jack Kerouac defined the Beat Generation with his book On the Road. It was where a young Marlon Brando took cinema by storm, a dapper Brit named David Ogilvy reinvented advertising and modern television arrived with the triumphant debut of a show called I Love Lucy. 
Bright Promise|1969|Set in the town of Bancroft, "Bright Promise" dealt with the lives of the students and faculty at Bancroft College, in the town of Bancroft. Resembling many other soap operas, the main storyline dealt with cheating wives and murder. 
Bright Summer Night|2016|Millennials arrived at the party too late - our world is on the brink of environmental catastrophe, and we continue to deny it. Bright Summer Night brings together a motley group of teenagers at a house party in the bewildering heat of New Zealand summer. Break-ups, new love, drugs, and amateur theatre all make this one chaotic event as the characters attempt to forget their issues, whether personal or global. The storyline is inspired by William Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream, but the modern setting re-contextualises the play's themes of escapism, environmentalism, sexuality, and consent. Just like the world they live in, we see some of the characters are determined to keep dreaming; putting off tomorrow to indulge in the night. 
Bright's Boffins|1970|The scientists who work in the long-forgotten Government establishment "Halfwitt House" receive no official help other than a grant that barely covers the gas bill. In order to keep the place operative the commanding officer, Bertram Bright, will lie, cheat, bribe or blackmail - probably all at once. 
Brighton Belles|1993|On her husband's demise, attractive Bridget suddenly finds she can't meet the financial demand of her Sussex country house in Brighton without his income. Her solution: take in lodgers. Two other "belles" soon take up her offer. One is Annie, a rather thick-skulled but likeable and friendly farmer's daughter from a small English village who is also a widow who had to sell her house for money. The other is Frances, a sardonic and sarcastic ex-headmistress who has divorced a pig named Michael who took the house when they seperated. Also, Bridget shows her seductive side and she searches for a new mate. Later on, Frances' tactless and over-protective mother, Josephine, moves in as well to hover over and generally annoy her daughter. 
Brighton Marathon|2013|This annual unique marathon brings world-class competition and a party atmosphere to the vibrant seaside resort of Brighton. The IAAF-accredited course starts in Preston Park before taking in the famous Brighton Pavilion, the seafront and the final run-in along the promenade. 
Brilla por ti|2015|With a firm intention on community service, "Brilla Por Ti" goes to Latin America and across the globe searching for those who have become victims of poverty. Hosted by and international celebrity and a local star, this show tells moving stories while hand-in-hand supporting these people's progress. Join the social initiative that strives for community awareness. 
Brillante Mendoza Presents|2017|Brillante Mendoza directs films for TV featuring stories from different regions of the Philippines showcasing various Filipino festivals, cultures and languages. 
Brimstone Terrace|2013|Alan Carpenter (Tori Kamal) makes the impulsive mistake of taking his own life. Not long after, he finds himself sentenced to an eternity in Hell. But the cruel, dark underworld doesn't work exactly how we all expected. In the past centuries, things have changed and the devil himself is showing sympathy for those who barely made the cut. Now, alongside his new friends, Alan must learn to face his fate and adapt to life in Hell. 
Brimstone|1998|Ezekial Stone, a former cop, planted evidence on his wife's rapist whom was subsequently convicted. While incarcerated the rapist was killed, thus rendering Stone a murder. Later, Stone was himself killed by a criminal. He is sent to Hell for his crime. However, 113 evil souls have escaped, and the Devil sends him back to Earth to recover them. Both Stone and the escaped souls can only be harmed or killed by each other, and they can be sent back to Hell if their eyes (the "windows to the soul") are destroyed. If Stone can recover all 113, then he'll be given a second chance at life...or so the Devil says. 
Bring 'Em Back Alive|1982|US adventurer Frank Buck lives in colonial Singapore. He spreads his jungle time between his compound home, the legendary Raffles hotel, where he parties with HH, the sultan of Johore, and wherever adventures take them. Many adventures ensue, often less dangerous because of the animals then on account of criminals, Nazi agent von Turgo and sleezy sycophantic Bundhi. 
Bring It!|2014|Bring It! is a new dance reality show which focuses on the dance team, The Dancing Dolls, from Mississippi. They are a competition dance team, and their style is, "Hip-Hop Majorettes." This show is produced by Lifetime, and is lively, and the girls are fun to watch. Coach D is a strong woman, with a no-nonsense personality, and drives the girls under her to be the best they can be. Still, she has a human side, and she does care about the girls, and tries to be supportive of them (something we don't see too often in another, well-known dance reality show). Further, the "drama" of the dance moms is surprisingly low-key when compared to another reality dance show, also produced by Lifetime. Give this show a chance. It will surprise you, as the dancing is different from what you are likely used to watching. 
Bring on the Night|2012|Set against the landscape of Bombay, KD (Kabir Dalal) a 28 year old entrepreneur has a head exploding with ideas. But after his club shuts down, KD has several choices but none that excite him. Until one night, when he happens to visit his friend Xerxes Mistry's 2 century-old house that's been lying dormant for years. He convinces Xerxes to give it on rent and puts his crazy plan into action - to turn this old building into the best all-night club/hangout the city's ever seen. He rounds up his wolf pack - Devang, a talkative gujju 'jugaad' specialist; Patrick, his trusty goofy British Mumbai-ite expat with a knack for designing spaces; and Maakad - his old friend who quite simply 'makes things happen'. Together with an extra-large, extra-crazy motley crew of friends, they kick off Bombay's first all-night party den - until things starts to get real. 
Bringing Home Baby|2005|A new series about parenting that focuses on those first few incredible days of new parents' lives as they face the unfamiliar challenges and joys of caring for a newborn baby. The series will also explore the reactions and feelings of friends and family members as they welcome the new baby into their lives. 
Bringing Our Stories Home|2016|Exploring the lesser known stories of the First World War, focusing specifically on the impact felt at home in Australia, and the lasting effects of the war that shaped a nation. The series offers surprising insights into stories that were intrinsically linked to the war but were unfolding far from the battlefields. Combining both documentary and dramatised elements these short films explore the nature of memory, commemoration and celebration, and themes from food shortages, to racially discriminatory soldier selection, to the establishment of Luna Park. 
Bringing Up Ballers|2017|No air balls are allowed in Lifetime's new series, Bringing Up Ballers. Featuring five Chicago-area entrepreneurs whose kids are some of the country's most elite young basketball players, the six-episode series follows these feisty moms who will stop at nothing to ensure that their businesses are successful and their boys are on track to make it to the NBA. These ladies are anything but benchwarmers as they balance their households and businesses, while managing their sons' daily practices and games. Together they are the ultimate Hoop Moms and are not afraid to call foul on each other as they fight to ensure their kids make it to the top. 
Bringing Up Bates|2015|As the episode title states, Brandon wants to ask for Michaella's hand in marriage. Will he be able to pull off an elaborate surprise with his sisters' help? Will the Bates parents make it to D.C. to share the surprise after a trip to Florida? 
Bringing Up Buddy|1960|Buddy Flower, a financial advisor, lives with his maiden aunts Iris and Violet who adore him but are a little eccentric. They keep him busy getting them out of scrapes, extricating himself from their matchmaking and other chaotic occurrences. 
Bringing it Home with Laura McIntosh|2007|Bringing it Home, the cooking, travel, life style series with Laura Mcintosh, the James Beard and Emmy Nominated Host. Not only the first of its kind in farm to table programing but is also a life style travelog series with interesting and entertaining segments on cooking and culture. Each episode takes viewers across America with regular stops in Louisiana, California, Boston, Chicago, Florida and more introducing viewers to local chefs and local farmers, the path less traveled and the road to fresher food. 
Brink|2008|Designed as the next-generation source of interactive science information on television and on the web, Brink is the premier series for immersing viewers on the front lines of cutting-edge breakthroughs in technology, research, inventions, discoveries and the mysteries of the scientific world. The series explores people who are on the brink of changing our lives, and will also include content generated from scientists, organizations, universities and viewers from around the world. The series provides viewers with a clear understanding of the impact and relevance science has in our lives today, and offers significant insights into how science may profoundly change our lives tomorrow. Each half-hour episode combines short-form reports on the latest global science news with vital interviews with prominent scientists. Brink's innovative format will also include unusual segments covering a range of subjects from peculiar, avant-garde research to "backyard inventors" who are pushing the limits of science in their own way - such as building their own space craft. 
Brisani prostor|1985|Summer of 1972, a small group of fanatical Croatian nationalists, trained and equipped by extreme emigrant organizations, infiltrated the territory of former Yugoslavia with intent to organize an uprising against Tito's regime. This series, very loosely based on true events, depicts the manhunt that followed. 
Bristol Palin: Life's a Tripp|2012|This is about the life of Bristol Palin while on an amazing journey through life. As a single mother caught up in a love story. As she goes in out of relationships, it shows that her whole world is about the love of her life, Tripp who is her son. 
Britain and the Sea|2013|David Dimbleby sails the beautiful coastlines of Devon and Cornwall, delving into maritime history, art and architecture as he goes. He braves some stormy weather to uncover the stories of a fantastic array of adventurers, explorers, pirates and smugglers. David also gingerly submits himself to one of the oldest maritime art forms of all - the art of the tattoo! 
Britain by Bike with Larry & George Lamb|2017|Larry and George Lamb embark on a mesmerising 4 part journey across Britain, absorbing the scenery and local culture as they pedal their way through four of the beautiful National Parks. The pair's magical father-son chemistry makes for fantastic viewing and alongside the beautiful countryside settings, the show succeeds in making us fall in love with Britain all over again. 
Britain from Above|2008|In East Anglia, Andrew Marr flies 10,000 feet above ground to locate a patchwork quilt of fields that produce a quarter of the country's wheat and barley. He also investigates how farmers are using military-style spy planes and GPS technology to monitor their crops, and faces his biggest challenge yet - a daunting plummet from an airborne plane in his first ever skydive. 
Britain in Focus: A Photographic History|2017|In the first of three programmes, he goes back to the 19th century to trace the astonishingly rapid rise of the photograph in British life. Eamonn explores the science behind early photography, and shows how innovative photographic techniques made possible the careers of pioneers like Roger Fenton and Julia Margaret Cameron. 
Britain on Film|2012|This episode examines Look at Life's quirky films that documented unusual or eccentric British customs, rituals and traditions. In an era where many Britons embraced change as never before, these revealing and highly entertaining films show that people were determined to preserve the idiosyncratic aspects of our national life. 
Britain on the Move|2004|According to government statistics the UK is becoming a nation of overweight couch potatoes. In response to a new government initiative ITV is launching a new nationwide campaign aimed at boosting levels of fitness in Britain by motivating the public to get on their feet and excercise. 
Britain's Ancient Tracks with Tony Robinson|2016|Britain is crisscrossed by an amazing network of ancient trackways. These remarkable routes are our oldest roads and have been travelled for more than 5000 years. Walked by pilgrims and traders, hunters and invaders, Celts and Romans, Saxons and Vikings, each track is bound up in myth, mystery and legend. Tony Robinson sets out to explore the truth behind the megaliths, burial sites, ley lines and hidden caves along these ancient pathways and connect the clues they have left hidden in the British landscape. 
Britain's Best Drives|2009|In preparation for driving the various old cars in _"Britain's Best Drives" (2009)_ (qv), Richard Wilson is given a refresher course in driving cars with manual transmission, since he has only driven automatic cars for much of his life. He also learns to adapt to cars that have heavy manual steering, and drum brakes which are less efficient that the disc brakes on a modern car. At the Ace CafÈ on the North Circular Road in north-west London, a famous bikers' cafÈ, he sees the cars that he is due to drive and meets their owners. 
Britain's Biggest Heists|2010|This action-packed crime series takes a step by step journey through Britain's most renowned robberies. Can bank robbers and diamond busters get away with the prefect crime? Each programme explores what happened across a selection of Britain's biggest heists and asks the crucial question; 'could they have really pulled it off and escaped with the cash?' 
Britain's Biggest Sexists?|2015|From bankers to football managers, from toymakers to uni lads, accusations of sexism in British life come thick and fast. Now, using comedy clips, viral videos and stunts on the street, journalist Leah Green takes us on a tour of some of the most notorious examples. To judge the winner, she has recruited a panel of comedians who will choose their favourite, the ultimate winner of the title Britain's Biggest Sexist. 
Britain's Bloody Crown|2016|For almost three decades, Margaret Beaufort took control of her destiny to protect herself and her son from the anarchy that consumed England. She arranged smart marriages, swapped sides, and did whatever it took to remain safe and put her son, Henry VII, on the throne. 
Britain's Darkest Taboos|2012|On New Year's Day 2012, suicidal taxi driver, Michael Atherton, went on a destructive shooting spree in his family home in Horden, killing three women before pulling the trigger on himself. Among the victims were his partner, Susan McGoldrick, her niece, Tanya Turnbull, and Tanya's mother, Alison Turnbull. 
Britain's Deadly Women|2013|The cases of Ann Browning, who killed her lover for his money the day the moved in together; Dorothea Waddingham, who turned her house into a nursing home then murdered her clients; and Christina Button who killed her husband for his life insurance. 
Britain's Greatest Bridges|2016|Robert Stephenson took on the task of building this 100ft iron bridge across the Menai Strait, linking the island of Anglesey with the Welsh mainland. In 1970 four youths set it on fire, Rob speaks to one of the fireman who fought the fire. 
Britain's Greatest Machines with Chris Barrie|2009|Host Chris Barrie kicks off proceedings with the 1910s - the decade that industrialised the First World War. Chris looks at pre-war inventions, from a three-wheeled Morgan runabout to massive moving bridges, before charting the new weapons, trucks, planes and ships of World War I. Find out how technology changed warfare forever, before seeing Chris climb into the cockpit for an exhilarating flight on the first aircraft to fly across the Atlantic. 
Britain's Horror Homes|2015|The series returns, meeting some of the people who had their Christmas' ruined when Carlisle suffered severe flooding in December 2015. A disastrous basement conversion in London and a botched boiler installation in Manchester also feature. 
Britain's Next Big Thing|2011|Retailers are always on the lookout for the next big thing and in this series the buying teams of three high street giants are prepared to take an enormous gamble by asking members of the public to supply them with the next bestselling product. This is a chance of a lifetime for unknown designers and producers to pitch directly to the retail industry's power-brokers and have the opportunity to get their product stocked in prestigious shops. Over six months, retail entrepreneur Theo Paphitis will be following both buyers and suppliers as they experience the highs and guaranteed lows of bringing a product to market - from initial pitch to shop shelf - and whilst many won't make the grade, for a lucky few it will be a life-changing experience. In episode one, an iconic department store opens its doors to the public with a unique open day. From 6am, over 600 people queue around the block for the opportunity to pitch their product to the buying team led by Buying Director Ed Burstell. But with just three minutes to pitch their wares, only a handful will be selected to take their products further. Amongst the hopeful fledgling suppliers are former carpenter Tom Hopkins-Gibson, who has travelled down from Scotland with his porcelain and wood bowls, professor of architecture Richard Weston, who dazzles the buyers with his unique silk scarves, and glass blower Charlotte Sale. Meanwhile, at the headquarters of a a leading pharmacy chain, the buying team get ready for their open day, sifting through hundreds of applications to short-list just ten potential suppliers. 
Britain's Next Top Model|2005|The four remaining girls arrive in South Africa and are shown around by local model Neli. They go abseiling to advertise clothing, a challenge that Catherine wins, though she was accused of cheating. A devastated and tearful Rachael is the latest model to be eliminated much to the delight of Alex and Catherine. 
Britain's Outlaws: Highwaymen, Pirates and Rogues|2015|Sam begins with the arrival of a new breed of gentleman criminal out of the ashes of the English Civil War - the highwayman. Heavily romanticised in literature, these glamorous gangsters became a social menace on the roads and a political thorn in the side of the creaking British state - threatening to steal our wallets and our hearts. But underneath the dashing image of stylish robbers on horseback lay a far darker reality. 
Britannia High|2008|Set in a stage-school in London 'Britannia High' focuses on a group of students struggling to make it in music. The show starts when new girl Lauren moves to the capital city to study at Britannia High and struggles to fit it and cope with the hard work, she finds close friends(and enemies) who help her as we discover the truth about her dear friends. 
Britannia|2017|Britannia is a drama set in 43AD as the Roman Imperial Army - determined and terrified in equal measure - returns to crush the Celtic heart of Britannia - a mysterious land ruled by warrior women and powerful druids who can channel the powerful forces of the underworld. Or so they say. 
Britannica's Tales Around the World|1991|This cartoon tells classic fairy tales. 
British Gangsters: Faces of the Underworld|2012|Villains, gangsters or "Faces" as they prefer to be called, are the men, gang and family members who have made headlines over the past 50 years for all the wrong reasons. Some are household names: the Krays, the Richardsons, Paul Ferris, Frankie Fraser, Arthur Thompson and Vic Dark. Many you will not recognise, but the mere mention of these people has struck fear into individuals and entire communities. Despite their notoriety, the faces of Britain's most feared criminals remain largely unknown. That is until now. British Gangsters: Faces of the Underworld gives a unique insider's insight into these men. Presented by Bernard O'Mahoney, best-selling true crime author and former member of the Essex Boys Firm, Britain's most infamous and influential 'faces' are interviewed for the first time, many of whom have never appeared on camera before. 
British History's Biggest Fibs with Lucy Worsley|2017|Lucy debunks myths regarding the Jewel in the Crown of the British Empire - India. From the 'black hole of Calcutta' to the Indian 'mutiny', she reveals how this chapter of British history is another carefully edited narrative full of fibs. In the final episode, Lucy debunks the fibs that surround the 'jewel in the crown' of the British Empire - India. Travelling to Kolkata, she investigates how the Raj was created following a British government coup in 1858. After snatching control from the discredited East India Company, the new regime presented itself as a new kind of caring, sharing imperialism with Queen Victoria as its maternal Empress. Tyranny, greed and exploitation were to be things of the past. From the 'black hole of Calcutta' to the Indian 'mutiny', from East India Company governance to crown rule, and from Queen Victoria to Empress of India, Lucy reveals how this chapter of British history is another carefully edited narrative that's full of fibs. 
British Olympic Dreams|2010|Britain's finest Olympic athletes reveal their ups and downs in the quest to reach London 2012 as they look ahead to a crucial year of qualification. Sir Chris Hoy, Jessica Ennis and Beth Tweddle are among the big names featured in a program which takes the viewer behind the scenes of Britain's challenge to triumph on home soil in July 2012. 
British Rationals|2017|In today's fast-moving modern world, it seems topical humour is unable to keep pace with the quite often surreal times that we live in. What was funny on a Tuesday is no longer relevant on a Thursday. British Rationals is a daily satirical web comedy series that therefore looks to bridge that gap using "the opinions of the British public" to both entertain and reflect the absurdity of contemporary society. 
Britography|2002|The life of Field Marshal Bernard Law Montgomery, who led Britain's World War II forces against the Germans in North Africa and inspired fierce loyalty among his troops, though his relationships with American Generals Patton and Eisenhower were marked by tension. 
Brivido giallo|1986|The story begins when a camera crew unearths a thousand year old vampire from Mesopotamia. Years after his rise from the grave, the vampire becomes a famous horror film director and holds auditions for his up and coming film. Four young hopefuls are chosen and are invited to spend the night at the vampire's house. At dinner the vampire reveals his true nature to his guests and the real reason why they are there, to kill him before dawn, as he has grown bored with his existence. 
Bro'Kin|????|An up and coming male model is forced to prioritize his life based on the needs of those around him instead of the dreams he has. Jeremiah must succeed as a model to be able to provide all that they all need from him and he can have what he wants in return. 
Bro'Town|2004|Joost's conservation-loving zoo-keeping Dad invites the boys to the van Der Van Van's African-themed Morningside Shore home for a weekend cultural exchange... but an incident with a chicken roll turns the weekend into a weird kind of whodunit. 
Bro-ing Pains|2012|Gay frat boy Tyler struggles to find balance between Greek life and his friends outside the fraternity. As he begins to recognize the divide between his two social circles a series of fortunate events push Tyler towards the ultimate challenge. Meanwhile, his close friends Joey and Doug battle their own issues with relationships and sex. 
Broad City|2014|Abbi is riding high after selling her art, but when Bevers pushes her to the breaking point, she starts the search for a new apartment. Meanwhile, Ilana is trapped in her own personal hell as she deals with the cable company and a creepy ex. 
Broad Strokes|2014|Broad Strokes. 5 days. 5 Themes. 5 Directors. 40 Comedic Micro-Shorts. Under 30 Seconds. Fresh & funny episodes based on daily themes: Mondays are Pessimistic Fortune Cookies, Tuesdays are #smh, Wednesdays are Hump Day How-Tos, Thursdays are Dating Ambiguities and Other Atrocities, and Fridays are Film Noir Fridays. 
Broadchurch|2013|A seemingly calm and friendly seaside town becomes a town wrapped in secrets when the death of an eleven year old boy sparks an unwanted media frenzy. As the town's locals start to open up about what they do and don't know, it falls upon the police to catch the supposed killer. When eleven year old Daniel Latimer is found dead on the beach of a small town known as Broadchurch detectives Alec Hardy and Ellie Miller must crack the case. As the mystery slowly unravels the town seems to fall apart at the roots forcing the once kind neighbors to turn on each other. 
Broaden Your Mind|1968|Forerunner to the long running comedy "The Goodies", this was a sketch-based show with a surreal edge. Two series were made, in colour, for BBC2 (the only British network to run colour transmissions before October 1969). Some ideas came from a long running radio series 'I'm Sorry I'll Read That Again' which featured the same cast plus John Cleese of 'Monty Python' fame and David Hatch (now an important man in the BBC's admin hierarchy!). 
Broadside|1964|Roberta's old show biz friend Alex arrives, giving the Waves an idea on how Roberta can pass her ratings test. Alex will hypnotize her but in a demonstration Beasley is changed into a confident ladies man. Commander Adrian falls under a similar spell. 
Broadway Blogspot|2010|Broadway Backstage Video Series (featuring interviews of people who work on Broadway on-stage or Behind-the-scenes on Broadway), The Glamorous Life Series Video Series (Videos Series for anything and everything an actor needs to know about performing on Broadway and/or in the business; Broadway Encore Video Series (Video Series Featuring all the extra stuff having to do with Broadway and Beyond). 
Broadway Jamboree|1948|A variety show that began as network television's first all-black series (2 episodes), then became a regular variety show with black and white performers (1 episode), then was hosted by Jack Albertson playing a Broadway columnist (2 episodes), then ended as a host-free variety show (1 episode). 
Broadway Open House|1950|Tex McCrary and wife Jinx Falkenburg host. Guests include folk singers The Weavers, vaudeville comics Smith and Dale, and trick golfer Jack Redmond. Milton DeLugg is bandleader, Wayne Howell the announcer, Bob Stanton does commercials, and Radcliffe Hall delivers a 5-minute newscast. 
Broadway Television Theatre|1952|"Mark's Priory". the family seat of the Lebanons, is a house of terror to Ilsa Crane, secretary and niece of Lady Lebanon. The strange behavior of two sinister butlers, Gilder and Brooks, adds greatly to her fear and her sole consolation lies in the sympathy extended her by young Lord William "Willie" Lebanon. A young architect, Richard Ferraby, arrives from London to inspect the ancient home in regards to renovations, and he and Isla are immediately attracted to each other. Lady Lebanon tells her son that he must marry Isla to carry on the family name but Lord Willie tells her he has no intentions of marrying. Later, the family physician, Dr. Amersham, arrives and it is evident he has some unrevealed hold over Lady Lebanon. The chauffeur, Studd, hints that he knew Aversham in India and that Aversham was discharged from the Indian Army under unsavory circumstances. Isla and Richard find the chauffeur murdered and the suspicion falls on the gamekeeper, Tilling, whose wife had been more than a little friendly with Studd. But Chief Inspector Tanner and Deputy Sergeant Totty arrive from Scotland Yard and uncover evidence that points to Dr. Aversham as the killer, and Lord Willie substantiates the clue by telling them that Aversham had strangled a young Eurasian girl in India by using a red scarf and Studd, also, had been found strangled with a red scarf. The policeman are just about to fold up their tidy little case when a telegram arrives from "Mark's Priory" informing them that Aversham has just been found murdered---strangled with a red scarf. Well, back to the old drawing board. 
Broadway on Showtime|1979|The story opens in 1911 at Dr.Seward's sanitarium. A sensual and charismatic vampire known as Count Dracula has already slain several girls on the English countryside. Abraham Van Helsing, with the help of Dr. Cedric Seward, Lord Gordon Godalming, Jonathan Harker, Freudian psychologist Helga Van Zandt and the reluctant Renfield try to stop Count Dracula from making the lovely Wilhelmina his next willing victim. 
Broadway or Bust|2012|60 of the most musically talented high school teens come to Broadway and are chosen from around the USA to compete in the Jimmy Awards and only two will win! 7 Casting directors and Musical Directors will judge the competition! Amazing boot camp training in performance and musical technique for their eventual solo performance on a real Broadway stage! 
Broadway: The American Musical|2004|This six part documentary miniseries presents the evolution of the Broadway musical from its inception in 1893 to current day 2004. It presents those influential players both on stage and behind the scenes, as well as a variety of influential Broadway shows, a handful which are known to have transformed the musical into what the audience knows it to be today. The Broadway musical was often a reflection of what was happening in the world, but almost as often was meant to be an escape from problems of the world. Specific world events had a profound influence on the overall tone of Broadway shows, some of these events being wars (especially the world wars), Prohibition, the stock market crash, the Great Depression, and 9/11. Broadway musicals were also affected by the onset on various new media, such as talking movies and television. They in turn influenced other popular culture, especially what was known as the popular music of the day, especially up until the 1960s. Broadway musicals ultimately would become global commodities with many shows beginning their life elsewhere besides New York, and with many Broadway shows brought to the world stages through touring companies, regional productions and amateur productions. 
Brock|2016|A unique story about Australian car racing legend Peter Brock. He was the man that started the whole Holden vs Ford rivalry in the early 70's. This story takes a look at his colourful life. Parties, love and loss. A must see for Australian motor racing lovers. 
Brockmire|2017|Ten years ago, professional baseball announcer Jim Brockmire had a career-ending on-air breakdown after discovering his wife was cheating on him. Now he's starting over in a small town, announcing games for a minor league team called the Morristown Frackers. 
Broke|2016|Three friends move from Philadelphia to Los Angeles to pursue big dreams while sharing empty wallets. From trying to date in a post-chivalry America to deciding if their aspirations are worth missing home, Mo, Paul and Miloh learn to keep each other happy while being first-world poor. 
Broken Arrow|1956|Jeffords and Cochise try to warn the colonel at Fort Grant that Geronimo plans an attack on the fort. But, encouraged by his wife, the colonel decides to go after Geronimo himself, despite Cochise's warning that this is probably just what the renegade is hoping for, as it will leave the fort vulnerable to attack. 
Broken Badges|1990|Jack Bowman is a cop from New Orleans who doesn't exactly play by the rules. When he is sent to California on a brief assignment, he is wrongfully blamed for something he didn't do. To get out of the jam he's in, he recruits cops who are on psychiatric leave, Bullet Tingreedes, a female cop who's addicted to danger, Stanley Jones, a cop who walks around with a ventriloquist dummy and who has a short fuse when people make fun of his stature, and Toby Baker, a kleptomaniac. After sorting things out, the Chief of Police decides to form a unit with Bowman and them. And a psychiatrist, Priscilla Mather keeps an eye on them. 
Broken Blade|2014|The story is centered around a young man named Rygart Arrow, a resident of a world where people can use "magic". This magic is the ability to control and empower quartz, doing many things from creating light to operating machinery to riding giant mecha called 'Golems'. Rygart, however, is one of the few exceptions; as an "un-sorcerer", he cannot utilize quartz, making many aspects of life difficult as well as being looked down upon by the rest of society. Despite this, in his youth he managed to befriend Hodr and Sigyn, the future King and Queen of the Krisna Kingdom; and Zess, the younger brother of the Secretary of War of the Athens Commonwealth. 
Broken Borders|2016|Noah came to hide as a refugee. Amir seeks a new freedom. But they soon encounter unexpected obstacles. Slowly, they start realizing that things might not happen as they hoped they would. The story of this web series, depicts a harsh world where good intentions can cause ruinous results. We want to show you how people react in extreme situations in reality. Its all about decisions and their development. 
Broken House Chronicles|2002|Broken House Chronicles is the anti-This Old House. You won't find professional contractors or laser guided chop saws -- instead, George and Leigh show that a couple of regular people can do home improvement projects, while showing the materials necessary, common problems you might run into, tools necessary and/or available for rental, and occassionally breaking into song. It's entertaining, yet educational -- and it might inspire you to do some weekend project that you aren't sure if you can do. 
Broken Minds|2012|A man's nightmares begin intruding into his waking life. Then, a woman loses 23 years of her life over the course of a nap. Plus, a man with a compulsion to control everything around him loses control over his own hand. 
Broken No More Dr.Sonja|2017|Overview: Dr. Sonja Stribling preaches a message of resiliency. For many women, the world can look like a multitude of forces are inherently always pitted against you. However, Dr. Sonja can draw from her experiences in the military, her experiences in the professional world, and her experience as a semi pro ball player to illustrate that life is give-and-take. To reach your goals, you are going to have to work with others as a team to get from point A to point B. Dr. Sonja is also a mother of three, and while the end of her relationship with her husband could become a source of pain, she overcomes that by standing tall, and showing the world that she has the power within her to raise her three children. This, in turn, is an example for every woman on the show, and women who will watch the show - as well as their male family members who, through Dr. Sonja's teachings, are given a unique lens by which to see the world and a woman's unending potential within it. 
Broken Road|2009|BROKEN ROAD is a show about real teen drama from real life experiences. Meet Chloe & Sophie Tanner - two sisters who move to fictional small town Huntington, Kansas with their mom after their dad is called to fight in the Iraq war. It doesn't take long before these girls realize that living in the Midwest isn't always the simple life and that on life's path the road isn't always smooth. 
Broken Trail|2006|Set in 1898, Print Ritter and his estranged nephew Tom Harte become the reluctant guardians of five abused and abandoned Chinese girls. Ritter and Harte's attempts to care for the girls are complicated by their responsibility to deliver a herd of horses while avoiding a group of bitter rivals intent on kidnapping the girls for their own purposes. 
Broken at Love|2012|"Broken At Love" is a semi-romantic drama set around an idealistic college senior, Vivienne 'Vivie' Taylor, who gets the rare opportunity to meet her dream guy, a professional "bad boy" tennis player named Holden Gregory and her life is turned upside down as a result. What begins as Vivie's crush soon evolves into much more... with friends and competing love interests further complicating things along the way. 
Broken|2017|Father Michael, a Catholic priest presiding over a Northern urban parish who is Modern, maverick, and reassuringly flawed; must be confidante, counselor and confessor to a congregation struggling to reconcile its beliefs with the challenges of daily life. 
Broken: The Webseries|2012|Ordinary people doing extraordinary things. Unlike any other series of its kind, "Broken" is deemed to mix reality and television drama together. It will take you on a journey, through the doors of a struggling community center based in the heart of one of the fastest growing areas in the Eastern US, Raleigh NC. It reveals the drama, lies, love triangles, and infidelity found among some of the highest, well known public figures in the area. The Elam Marshal Community Center serves as a positive getaway to many troubled teens in the Triangle. It's evident that the staff's main goal is the well-being of the occupants, but what happens when the staff of such a highly notable center has secrets of their own? After being handed the title of Director of the Elam Marshal Community Center by her now sickened Mom, Allie is faced with a host of decisions. ? Her marriage with the town's most well- known attorney, Rick Gray, is crumbling. Her baby brother is a hopeless victim to gambling. Her Mom is deathly ill, and due to the poor conditions of the center, the state is now threatening to close its doors forever. Allie is determined to keep her Mother's name alive, by keeping the center open, however Rick feels that the low-budgeted establishment is nothing more than a bottomless, hopeless money pit. It isn't until Rick discovers that Allie has been secretly taking thousands of dollars from their personal account each month to keep the center open that he decides to take matters into his own hands, and do whatever it takes to diminish the existence of the center. He is determined to accomplish this at whatever risk necessary, even if it means sacrificing the safety of his family, or the promises made during his vows. 
Brokenhearted Hollywood|2016|Carmen Traub interviews Kane Richard Blust. This episode of Brokenhearted Hollywood features special guest actor & musician Kane Richard Blust! We will spend some time getting to know him (you will LOVE him, he is lots of fun!), and then Carmen and Kane will dive into discussing tips on how to keep your moral high while following your dreams in Hollywood. You will also find out how to prepare for unforeseen circumstances that may attempt to derail your dream, as well find out what eggs have to do with your life pursuit. 
Bromance|2008|The guys' sense of fun and sportsmanship is put to the test when they compete in a Broathlon comprised of three crazy events: the Downhill Slalom, a Raft Race where the rafts are made entirely of life-sized blow-up dolls, and finally, the Girl's Bike Barrel Jump. 
Bromwell High|2005|Latrina's mother has given birth to Mr.Bibby's child however Mr.Bibby doesn't want the child and Latrina is stuck for a way to get it off of her hands. It just so happen the sex education teacher is giving a guest seminar equipped with robotic training babies. Latrina switches the real baby with the robotic baby and nobody knows...yet. 
Bron/Broen|2011|Season 2 begins 13 months after the events of the first season. A coastal tanker leaves the ÷resund waterway and is headed straight for the ÿresund Bridge. When the Coast Guard board the ship they discover there is no crew, and three Swedish and two Danish youths are chained below deck. Saga NorÈn, County Police, Malmˆ, is put in charge of the case and contacts Martin Rohde, who is still haunted by the death of his son. Soon it turns out the chained youths were just the beginning... Someone wants to direct our attention to the changing climate and the use of our planet's resources, and will stop at nothing to do it. It all turns into a race against the clock to prevent a disaster where many lives are at stake... 
Bronco Roads|2011|Join singer/songwriter & filmmaker Stacy Dean Campbell as he ventures down the road less traveled to the big cave country of eastern New Mexico. Travel back 109 years to follow cowboy, Jim White as he tracks a swirling cloud of bats into the depths of an 850ft hole in the desert to discover the Carlsbad Caverns. 
Bronco|1958|Bronco and two friends are fired near the end of a cattle drive. They decide to take their pay and invest it in cattle. While they take $500 to enter a rodeo, Bronco takes the rest to the town of Splendid in the Valley the two cowboys heard about that has not sold a cow in years but has great grazing. In the town Bronco heads to the saloon to find someone interested in selling cattle. He is told two of the biggest ranchers are in a poker game there. He sets in thinking the bets are 10 and 20 cents when they are in reality $10 and $20 but he is winning. Dutch Vandervort is short on money so he gives an IOU to Bronco for 1000 head at $3 a head. Dutch loses so Bronco wins 1000 head of cattle. However, after being shot at, he learns Poole, the other player, controls the only access out of the valley but he won't let anyone move cattle. Poole is trying to force the other small ranchers to sell out to him. Dutch tells Bronco he will charge 50 cents a day for grazing rights so he will own the herd again in six days. After threatening to shoot the herd on Dutch's property, Bronco gains time to plan a scheme to move the cattle. 
Bronies|2013|"Bronies" is a scripted, comedic short film about one brony's journey to "come out". Shane Foster has always been ashamed of his "bronyism" but when his uptight girlfriend catches him in the act (of watching a pony video) his deep, dark secret is out. With only his best friend to back him up, Shane now has to deal with the reactions of his co-workers, his boss and even his parents. 
Bronk|1975|Sensitive, pipe-smoking cop Alex "Bronk" Bronkov, who spends much of his time caring for his crippled daughter Ellen (who was injured in the same car crash that took the life of Bronk's wife), is hired by Ocean City, California mayor Pete Santori to clean up the corruption of the city. Although he is given the rank of lieutenant, Bronk answers to Mayor Santori, and is often able to cut through bureaucratic "red tape" in hurry if need be. 
Bronze Age|2016|The Bronze Age comes alive with dazzling 3D animations of the first global trading empires. The Bronze Age produced the world's very first 1% - a group of wealthy elites in pursuit of the latest luxury goods. Meet the original Masters of Trade in this original 3-part CuriosityStream documentary series. 
Brooke & Carly|2016|The Misadventures of Brooke & Carly is a spin-off of the popular family comedy series Welcome to Grandpaville, created by Michael T. Lombardi. In the series premiere presentation, Kincaid (Michael T. Lombardi) has left Grandpaville to start a new job as headmaster of The Westmore Preparatory School in New York City. But Kincaid receives the shock of his life when Brooke (Hannah Perreault) and Carly (Sydney Bradshaw) show-up on campus as new transfer students. These two misfits have relocated to New York, somehow managed to gain admission to Westmore, and quickly become a thorn in Kincaid's side. 
Brooke Burke Body|2012|Get in, get fit and get back to your busy life! As a 40-something mother of four, wife, TV personality and entrepreneur, Brooke Burke knows how precious time can be. That's why she created a 30-day fitness program that is a comprehensive fat-burning, muscle-building system to help you further your goals. Join Brooke for this fun and easy-to-follow workout that will help you slim down and feel your best. Commit to just 30-minutes a day, you will burn, sweat and work toward total body results! 
Brooklyn Bridge|2015|Deck 52 Entertainment presents Brooklyn Bridge, a series of original shorts. New York City can be a beautiful place to come and visit. It's a place where some come to try their luck but there is a difference between gambling and being Conned. 
Brooklyn Is for Lovers|2008|CASEY offers to share his apartment with co-worker RIGGLES, but appears to have an ulterior motive. ANNIE admits to her boyfriend DEE that she has a crush on the androgynous barista ASH. DEE is excited about the possibility of a threesome until he learns that ASH may be a guy. 
Brooklyn Is in Love|2011|The series explores three friends struggling and trying to find love in Brooklyn, NY. After the murder of Diane's boyfriend Jeremy, Diane goes through a deep depression, causing her to shut herself away from love. Until, one day a man from her past returns, causing Diane to rekindle her heart, and unravel painful memories of her past. Through Diane's tragic experience it causes her best friends to look at their own lives in a new perspective. Leading one of the characters to their breaking point and another to self discovery. 
Brooklyn Nine-Nine|2013|Captain Ray Holt takes over Brooklyn's 99th precinct, which includes Detective Jake Peralta, a talented but carefree detective who's used to doing whatever he wants. The other employees of the 99th precinct include Detective Amy Santiago, Jake's over achieving and competitive partner; Detective Rosa Diaz, a tough and kept to herself coworker; Detective Charles Boyle, Jake's best friend who also has crush on Rosa; Detective Sergeant Terry Jeffords, who was recently taken off the field after the birth of his twin girls; and Gina Linetti, the precinct's sarcastic administrator. 
Brooklyn Shakara|2011|Emeka Nwandu (played by HBO The Wire's Gbenga Akinnagbe ) thinks he has his "American Dream" all figured out. He is in line for a promotion and his girlfriend, Jumoke, has agreed to marry him. Everything is going perfect until Jumoke's father refuses to let her marry outside their tribe and Emeka's boss puts a zany condition on the new promotion. A condition that will jeopardize the whole wedding if it does ever happen. As if these pressures weren't enough, Emeka also has a big secret he's been keeping from his bride to be. 
Brooklyn South|1997|"Brooklyn South" is the latest police show from executive producer/creator Steven Bochco, who also brought us "Hill Street Blues" and "NYPD Blue" and other shows. Here, we follow the officers and victims within one of the precincts in Brooklyn, New York. A gritty police drama centering on the lives of a group of policemen at the 74th Precinct in Brooklyn, New York. The central character being Sgt. Francis Donovan, a former Internal Affairs officer, who now presides over the morning shift assignments given to the officers of the station. Other officers include Anne-Marie Kersey, a tough policewoman trying to get over the murder of her policeman boyfriend and finds comfort with Donovan. Jimmy Doyle is a well-liked street cop whom deals with his younger brother, Terry, who left the police force for a undercover assignment to break up an Irish-American street gang. Jimmy's police partner, Phil Roussakoff, is a recent transfer and tough guy whose big mouth and attitude gets him in trouble, and who has a crush on Jimmy's sister Kathleen. Jack Lowery is another tough guy cop combating personal demons, and begins an affair with his police partner, Nona Valentine, which does not suit with her former boyfriend, Clement 'Clem' Johnston, the traffic cop. Rounding out the cast is Richard Santoro, the desk sergeant and veteran cop trying to keep the people together and trying to advance in the ranks any way he can. 
Brooklyn's Best|2016|Brooklyn's Best is a live streamed reality competition Web Series which features artists and performers going head to head to be named Brooklyn's Best. Random judges are chosen out of the live studio audience, giving commentary on the performances, but the final decision is made by our live audience members. 
Brookside|1982|The everyday life and times of the residents, friends and enemies who live in a suburban street in the city of Liverpool in the north of England. In this episode a riot at the jail continues and Sinbad and Mick hide out on holiday away from Mick's stalker. 
BrothAhood|2017|In the season 1 finale, as Myles adjusts to his new reality, Walter tries to figure out what to do after finding out about his brother's wife and best friend; meanwhile, as Benji reflects on his relationship with his father, Jonathan shows his true colors when it involves his son. 
Brother vs. Brother|2013|Team Jonathan VS Team Drew. The Brothers get two teams built of various skills (i.e contractors, designers, realators) & have a series of competitions, each week sending home a competitors. The final man (or women) standing takes the title of Brother VS Brother. 
Brotherhood Outdoors|2009|US Army Veteran and Civilian Hero, Robin DeHaven, is on a hunt for big game at Cross Mountain Ranch in Northwest Colorado. Searching for Elk with Host Tom Ackerman, and Guided by Marv. They trek the mountains for 3 days looking for the majestic elk all while learning their behaviors and patterns. There is even an added bonus adventure with a real life cattle drive happening on the ranch. 
Brotherhood TV|2011|The Brotherhood TV is dedicated to educating and empowering SGL (same gender loving), Gay, Bisexual and Queer young men of color; through addressing issues that are affecting us. The Brotherhood TV also is dedicated to teaming up with government, non- profits, community organizations and individuals to start needed conversations both among our intimate circles and our community. 
Brotherhood of Silver|2013|Twice decorated Sgt. Vincent Minette moves his family from New York to Rebus, New Jersey for a new detective job after his partner of 8 years was killed in a violent gang war. While driving with the new Rebus Chief of Police, new troubles begin. The corrupt Chief uses Minette's back up firearm to shoot a young drug dealer in cold blood. The police want to make sure that all new cops are either committed to the advancement of their corrupt brotherhood, or blackmailed for their silence. Minette, being a good cop stuck in a bad situation, has too many corrupt cops to take on himself and every friend could be a hidden enemy. Minette frames 5 black men from the neighborhood to help him catch these cops in the act without implementing Minette's involvement. Minette convinces these men this is a police funded group and they have to keep things quiet, but unknown to them, Minette is funding this crusade with his own police salary and it's running thin. Minette's actions have also attracted the attention of the biggest drug lord in Rebus. When his dirty cop protection starts to run thin. Minette seems to have success. Time and luck are running out for Minette as one of the men he framed is looking for the cop that murdered his younger brother and is using Minette's offer to secretly kill cops until the trail leads him to the firearm that killed his brother. 
Brotherhood of the Rose|1989|Romulus and Remus are two CIA agents, their direct instructor is John Elliott. They both were picked up at an orphanage by Elliott at the age of about eight, raised together as brothers and specially trained to supersede every other agent in the service. This is what they know. What they do not know is that they are part of a system Elliott had invented to build up his own private army of pros which can be assigned to any job he wishes. One day Romulus takes over a job in the course of which he and his team blow up a house and about half a dozen civilians with it. After that Romulus feels he is being chased by both men of the CIA and the Mossad. He has to find out that Elliott betrayed both him and Remus from the start. Elliott used them and others, which were recruited and raised the same way Romulus and Remus were, to support a secret agreement that was constituted between top secret service leaders of England, France, Russia, Germany and the USA after the second world war. To its effect it says that no nation shall make greater progress in any field than all the others are. The conspirators intend to preserve the status quo in both economical and political aspects. As Romulus, now joined by Remus and a female Mossad- executive he was romantically involved with years ago, finds out about all of this he wants to take revenge on Elliott who in his opinion stole not only their lives, but also many more and destroyed thousands of others. Saul and Chris are orphans who at a young age were adopted by a man named Elliot, who's a top CIA operative. They would also join the CIA and become exceptional agents. Today, Saul's a little burned out, cause he has not succeeded in his past few assignments. And Chris feeling the need for absolution has spent the last six years in a monastery. Elliot gives Saul and Chris new assignments, Saul's suppose to take out five men, while Chris is suppose to sek out and kill someone. Saul does his job, while Chris doesn't, he then seeks refuge at the Abelard sanction, a safehouse where anyone in the spy business can go to and be safe, cause anyone who kills anyone while within their walls will be terminated. Saul later learns that the men he killed are peace makers and he is being hunted. And Elliot has denounced Saul as a rogue agent. Saul manages to evade his pursuers. Elliot who needs to find him, finds Chris who left the safehouse, after a friend of his kills the man that Chris was sent to kill, only Chris is the one who has been pegged as the killer, and according to Abelard sanction rules, all violators must the hunted down and terminated. Elliot tells Chris that he wants to help Saul, so Chris finds him but Saul has a backdoor to where they were and watch as Elliot's people blows the place up. They then hook up with Erica, an Israeli agent and Saul's former love. They discover that Elliot "adopted" 18 other boys and made them agents too. Looking back on their lives they realize that everything they did in their youth was to prepare them for being spies. They now have to find out what Elliot is up to, at the same time Elliot has to find them before anyone else does. 
Brotherhood|2006|Michael plays a game of Russian roulette with the mentally challenged brother of a neighborhood store he wants to take over. Meanwhile, Tommy is working on keeping a highway spur from going through the hill by wheeling and dealing behind the scenes. Also, Eileen gets some upsetting news at the doctor's office when she learns that she has contracted a sexually transmitted disease resulting from her secret tryst. 
Brotherlige|2017|Two brothers raised in the same household with different views on life except for one thing 'Violence' Both working on a door for a vicious nightclub owner and gangster 'Sinclair' the brothers are clued up on the life ahead. Sinclaire has built his empire of organised crime that no one has seen before, himself and his firm, Swindle, intimidate, terrorize, extort and brutally murder anyone that gets in their way and they do it for fun. Little Does Sinclaire know that the brothers, his trusted workers, have had a long time vendetta against him and in truth, working against him to bring him and his firm down and claim Sinclaires empire for their own. 
Brotherly Love|1995|A year after his father's fatal accident, Joe Roman returns to Philadelphia to collect his share of his Dad's estate, a car customizing business. His reunion with Claire and his half-brothers is a little rocky. Despite her best efforts, Claire is struggling to keep the business afloat. Fifteen-year-old Matt, tormented by a number of teen crises both real and imagined, harbors a lot of resentment toward Joe. And Andy, a wildly imaginative seven-year-old, can't quite hide his need for a father figure. It doesn't take Joe long to realize how much he's needed, so he accepts Claire's offer to move in and work in the family business. Downstairs in the garage, Joe works alongside his father's pit-crew chief, the slightly scrambled Lloyd, and Lou, a feisty conceptual artist/mechanic. The romantic tension between Lou and Joe grows as the two try to maintain a working relationship. Upstairs, Joe is becoming a part of the family he never knew, with all the adjustments, responsibilities, joys and heartaches that a family has. 
Brotherly Love, BL|2010|The comedy team that brought you, "The School" and "Saturday School", team up again in this up-roaring offensive Skit Show that reminded America why Tyler Jacobs and Ian MacKenzie are best friends. Enjoy fun skits like, "Joe Johnson; The Master of Calm", or watch Tyler build a laptop in 6 seconds, or if you get really bored, watch the exciting adventures of "Paralyzed man". 
Brothers & Sisters|2006|Rebecca reveals Justin's painkiller addiction to the family. They stage an intervention and all join in to help him detox. Robert is on the campaign trail, but when a contributor is exposed as corrupt he becomes unsatisfied with his staff. Kitty waits at home to announce she wants to try to have a child again. Saul, feeling uncomfortable about his role in the family, finally tells his sister he was once in love with another man. 
Brothers Take on New Orleans|2016|Jonathan and Drew must pull out all the stops to make sure that Ben and Erin Napier from HGTV's "Home Town" choose their designs as the winner of this week's challenge. With two bedrooms and two bathrooms to tackle, they've got to get down and dirty to hurry and finish the inside of these homes. At the end of this week's competition, the winner is announced at a local jazz club. 
Brothers and Sisters|1979|In this short-lived TV ripoff of ANIMAL HOUSE, three fun-loving misfits (Zipper, Checko & Ronald) inhabit the basement of the preppie Pi Nu fraternity house on the Crandall College campus, run by unctuous Dean Crandall. Zipper, Checko & Ronald don't spend much time going to class, preferring instead to hang out, torment the more straight-laced members of Pi Nu and chase the beautiful, stuck-up girls of the Gamma Iota sorority. 
Brothers in Arms|????|Spurred by Aaron's passionate discourse on people's rights, Christian is determined to get the local black communities to register. In the process, he learns about their struggles, the racist history of the state and begins to experience first-hand the hate and oppression they live with. Fellow student Jessica wants more than friendship. 
Brothers in Law|2017|Brothers In Law... A new 1/2-hour comedy from the irreverent minds of the stars of Tyler Perry's For Better and Worse and HBO's The Comeback. Brothers In Law, stars Jason Lawrence Olive and Kent Faulcon as two high school rivals who, years later, are reunited serving as opposing counsel in a high profile sexual harassment lawsuit. Unbeknownst to them, this chance reunion will set a cavalcade of events in motion that might just have this odd-couple trying the unthinkable - working together. 
Brothers|1984|Joe Waters is an ex-place kicker for the Philadelphia Eagles. Now retired, he's opened up a restaurant. Lou is his older brother, a gruff construction worker. Both Joe and Lou receive the shock of their lives when their kid brother Cliff reveals that he's gay. Humorous situations follow as Joe and Lou alternately try to accept Cliff's homosexuality or cure him of it. 
Broti & Pacek - irgendwas ist immer|2002|Three enterprising doctors establish a group practice in a Jugendstil villa in Hamburg, facing the ups and downs of running a business and their patients' good will. These three very different doctors not only master absurd, dramatic, and heart-rending cases of physical and mental illness - they also master their turbulent personal relationships to one another. 
Brousko|2013|Achilleas and Melina, both celebrating their bachelor parties, fall in love at first sight. They spend a night together in Athens and then go back to their normal lives. Melina lives in Crete and Achilleas in Cyprus. Without further delay and convinced that they will not see each other again, they both go on with their weddings. But what they don't know, is that fate will bring them together again. Can they resist the temptation and remain faithful to their spouses? Or is their passion stronger than they can ever imagine of? 
Brown Guys Do|2013|Back in the early 2000s, there was a comedy troupe named Mixed Nuts. It played sold out shows and garnered rave reviews. What was unique about the troupe was that it featured a very multicultural cast that did every accent or character under the sun. The goal was to push minorities (South Asian) into the mainstream. It's obviously happened in the interim, but one thing that has remained missing is showcasing the ability to do voices beyond East Indian, Arabic (thanks for all the wonderful terrorist roles btw) or regular North American. That's where "Brown Guys Do" steps in. It shows that people of colour have a range of talent to do accents and characters beyond those typically associated with their race or background. 
Brown Nation|2016|Hasmukh operates a small IT Consulting company "Shree Ganesh Computers Limited Inc" in Queens, NY. Staffed by a disinterested and lazy cast of characters, his business flounders. His home life is not much better. His wife Dimple, a frustrated and jobless artist, complains constantly about not having enough time to explore her creativity because of the demands of taking care of her dog, Bobby. Hasmukh tries desperately to balance his work and family, but neither seem to have his best interest at heart. 
Brows Held High|2011|A well-read narcissist takes a look at films that many mainstream audiences have never heard of and he tries to analyze them from an educated point of view, discussing their artistic characteristics, despite the films being filled with gratuitous nudity and excessive violence. 
Bruce Forsyth and the Generation Game|1971|Making a fool of the contestants as they try to copy professionals who have strange jobs. To win some prizes the contestants play for points until there is a winner. They then watch prizes go by on a conveyor belt past where they are sat,and if they can remember any of them when asked they win those prizes. 
Bruce Lee Lives!|2011|Through skill and showmanship, Bruce Lee became the greatest martial arts movie star of all time. Now the hottest names in sports and entertainment discuss Bruce Lee "The Entertainer". Featuring John Cho, Ne-Yo, Jason "Mayhem" Miller and others. 
Bruce|2016|Bruce is a gritty black comedy set in an ordinary Aussie share-house that just happens to be a prison tent in Sydney Cove, 1788. Bruce Williamson (Richard Davies), a thoroughly modern 18th century convict is stuck in a tent with irrepressible bogan Garry Smith (Dave Lawson), who claims to be Bruce's "best mate" and great with the chicks. Add to this Mick McCance (Angus Sampson), a well-read, philosophically sensitive monolith of a man who is also a serial killer - or is he? 
Bruder: Schwarze Macht|2017|The state security mobilizes for an imminent terrorist attack, as Baris is identified as presumed-dead IS commander Younes. Baris took Melih and Tobi to a hideout and tells the disappointed knaves which sacrifice is required: no heroic caliphate fight but a domestic bomb attack. Tactically instructed by Ali, they take goodbye from their known lives. paroled, Sibel illegally sits on a tip to find Melih, who flees with Baris while Toni detonates the suicide bomb inside. Desperate, Mehli's mother and sister seek the refugee at his father's tomb. 
Brujas|2005|Vicente Soler loves women and they are his weakness. He owns "Angeles", a school that trains the best housekeepers in the country. Vicente is married to Beatriz, a jealous woman who graduated from this school years ago and became his wife. On graduation day, Vicente takes the top five students: Cassandra, Gretel, Mariana, Candela, and Noelia to dinner and spent the night at the most luxurious hotel in the city. The next morning, Beatriz who is dying of jealousy decides to go and get her husband, to her surprise, he is dead of a heart attack; it is assumed that he had during sexual relations with one of the girls. Beatriz believes the guilty one is among one of those fives and she hires Dante, a gambler and good for nothing young man who is always on the lookout for easy money. Dante's mission is to enter the lives of each of the five girls and find out who is the guilty one. Beatriz isn't aware of the bond that Dante has with her dead husband and at the same time, without knowing, she will fall in love with the young man. 
Brum|1991|Bubble and Squeak, two of the Big Town Baddies, steal a safe containing Mrs Posh's jewels from the Big Town Bank. Brum takes off in hot pursuit of the loot, but the safe ends up in the Big Town river, Brum saves the day by diving in and retrieving the gems. 
Brunch @ Bobby's|2010|'Bobby Flay' (qv)'s daughter, 'Sophie Flay' (qv), heads home for after-Thanksgiving brunch; chocolate pumpkin swirl bread with marmalade; waffle cornbread stuffing sandwiches with turkey, cheddar, bacon and cranberry Dijon gravy dipping sauce; bourbon apple hot toddy. 
Brunch on Sundays|2013|Brunch On Sundays is an original comedic web series about three twenty-something girlfriends sharing their perspectives on sex, pooping and accidentally blacking out on boring dates. Set in Brooklyn every Sunday, a distressed Charlie reveals her 'sexscapades' over brunch, her tales enhanced by quirky flashbacks of how they went awry. 
Brunch with Bridget|2008|This week Bridget welcomes the return of Ghostella's Haunted Tomb star Heidi Martinuzzi. Martinuzzi is also the founder of Pretty-Scary.net, a film site for women in horror, by women in horror. With Bridget's help, Martinuzzi gives a tutorial on shooting the infamous horror shower scene and explains why romantic comedies are just like slasher films. Martinuzzi also reveals she's gay (though she's not) and explains her deep love for Megan Fox (who she actually hates). 
Brunch|2005|BRUNCH which is on the Q Television Network is the first LIVE morning daily talk show created specifically for the LGBT and gay-friendly progressive community. This upbeat and fast paced Morning show is part talk show and part sitcom. The hosts are Honey Labrador of Queer Eye for the Straight Girl and Scott Withers live in lofts across the hall from one another. Brunch is eclectic and touches on all sorts of topics from cooking to politics, along with having many interesting guests BRUNCH will run the gamut of issues and interests that are important to the diverse LGBT community. 
Brush Strokes|1986|Jacko is a house painter who "appreciates" women, he sees the best in each one of them and they in turn, like him. Will he find true love ? Will he settle down as he gets older ? 
Brush of Honor|2015|In Brush of Honor, artist Phil Taylor is on a mission to paint portraits of America's fallen service members and hand-deliver them to surviving family members across the nation. In order to capture their true spirits on canvas, Phil journeys to hometowns and military bases to learn as much as possible about the fallen heroes from family, friends and fellow service members. When each portrait is complete, Phil's wife, Lisa, organizes an unforgettable ceremony where the painting is presented to the family. One canvas at a time, Phil honors our military heroes and recognizes their families on behalf of a grateful nation. 
Brussel|2017|Brussel is a 10-part series which is mainly set behind the scenes of the European political arena. In this multi-thread story, all the characters are on their way to Brussels, or live there. It is a place of power and impotence, of love and betrayal, of dreams and bitterness. After many years, Moniek van Dalen [Johanna ter Steege], board member of a Dutch-British oil company, sees her former lover Viktor Petrenko [Alexander Lazarev] again. Viktor is a billionaire oligarch who became rich after the fall of the Soviet Union. Both are in Brussels to lobby for their own energy interests, but there is only room for one deal. Major Mohammed de Vries [Daniel Boissevain], a decorated Dutch soldier, is also in Brussels; he is looking for his radicalized son. Charlotte Verne [Liesa van der Aa] lives in Brussels: she is an investigator and is given the thankless task of investigating the suspicious death of a Dutch member of the European Parliament. Moniek's daughter Nadja [Carolien Spoor] has met her true love here, Pjotr (Steef de Bot] a Dutch-Russian, and intends to marry him; Nadja doesn't know that Viktor Petrenko is her biological father. In Afghanistan, Mahmud [Elham Ehsas], who is not what he seems, is journeying to Brussels on a secret mission, while in the Congo Ekweme [Issaka Sawadogo] is doing the same to try and find his lost love. On one fatal evening, everyone will be in Brussels, driven by revenge or love, or both. 
Brutal: Taste of Violence|2016|Actor, stuntman and founder of Parkour, David Belle, is back with a new hard hitting and gritty 10 episode fight series called Brutal: Taste of Violence (2016-). The series stars David Belle as Axel Chen, an ex-special forces officer, who is working as a bouncer in a nightclub. When he is brutally attacked by a group of customers and wrongfully accused of killing one of his aggressors, a wild escape begins. This escape will take him all the way to Bangkok where he will have to fight to prove his innocence and to make a living. 
Brute Force|1991|A photograph can be as vital a weapon as a machine gun or a main battle tank. Combat photographers capture the triumph and tragedy of war. Their images bring valuable information to commanders and influence the course of the battle. Since the Crimean War, combat cameramen have recorded the visual history of armies in war. COMBAT CAMERA looks at the tools and techniques of those intrepid photographers. 
Bryan Blue Show|2015|Join host Bryan Blue along with co-hosts Jason Engelman and Olivia Thomas as they broadcast live from the real gateway to the west, Ft.Worth, Texas. Tune in as they are joined by Hollywood comedian and actor Dustin Ybarra to talk about bullying. 
Bryan Inc.|2016|After three spirited home builds as husband and wife, Bryan and Sarah Baeumler take on an entirely different relationship: boss and employee. In Bryan Inc., Sarah joins Bryan's busy construction company as a Project Manager and together they will buy, renovate and sell two luxury homes. 
Bryggeren|1996|The development of Carlsberg Beer, the Carlsberg brewery and the mishaps between father and son, are the main story. But also the social life in Denmark in this time period, both for the rich and poor are explored. 
Br¯drene Dal og legenden om Atlant-Is|1994|While attending the Nobel prize-giving ceremony in Oslo - themselves just having just been awarded the Nobel Prize for Peace - the Dal brothers all of a sudden find themselves incapable of controlling their own limbs, being sucked out of the building and onto a train by what seems to be an uncontrollable higher force. The train brings them to the icy snows of Lapland, where they come across a mysterious shaman. The shaman explains that he has summoned the brothers to Lapland because Irka, an ancient holy pitcher saved from the Lapplanders' sacred town of Atlant-Is before the town sank and disappeared in the northern ice more than 4000 years ago, has been stolen. The shaman hopes that the Dal brothers can help to retrieve the holy pitcher and the brothers naturally offer their immediate assistance. While attempting to trace the whereabouts of Irka, the Dal brothers are lead deeper and deeper into a tangled web of pottery, snow research, hidden identities, explosives, missing airplanes, ghostly monks, forgery, and ever expanding lies. 
Br¯drene Dal og mysteriet med Karl XIIs gamasjer|2005|26 years after their characterers first made their smash-hit debut on television, legendary Norwegian comedy trio/writers "KLM" (Trond Kirkvaag, Knut Lystad and Lars Mj¯en) return as their most popular characters; the Dal Brothers (Br¯drene Dal) in their fourth series, again laced with their famous madcap comedy and crazy antics. This time, mixed with crime and mystery the brothers also get involved in time-travel (as they did in "Br¯drene Dal og spektralsteinene") and end up influencing famous events in Norwegian history, traveling from the year 2005 and ending up in 1716, 1718, 1814 and 1905. 
Br¯drene Dal og professor Dr¯vels hemmelighet|1979|In 1950 professor Kurt Dr¯vel vanished while exploring the unchartered river Overfloden outside of Oslo, Norway. All rescue attempts failed. 28 years later, the brothers Dal have started a journey, by canoe, up Overfloden, in order to establish what really happened to professor Dr¯vel. 
Br¯drene Dal og spektralsteinene|1982|While digging for a meteor fragment containing Curium 82, a substance that can cure the common cold, the three brothers Dal finds a shining, diamond-like stone. Later, Roms Dal is visited by an alien in a space ship, and receives a ring containing blueprints to an unknown machine. The brothers decide to build the contraption, hoping to find out what it does. When Roms accidentaly triggers its mechanism using the stone, they are off on an exciting time-traveling adventure. 
Br¯drene Madsens tidsrejse|2016|Denmark is one of the oldest kingdoms. But who are we really? DR1 sends the two brothers Anders and Peter Lund Madsen back in the history of Denmark to investigate. To make us all wiser on what foundation our present rests on, the two brothers in each episode moves into a new time inhabited by Danes who live in the respective time in the history of Denmark. Here the brothers engage in life and the fellowship that characterized the life of the period. 
Bu Lai'a the Hawaiian Superman|1993|Bu Lai'a in namesake sounds very close to Bull Liar (a local expression for someone prone to embellishment of the truth). He is proud to be Hawaiian, and if you listen to him, suddenly everyone is his cousin -- or he was a pro surfer -- or he holds the answers to running the government in Hawaii better than those in charge. 
Bu Sehir Arkandan Gelecek|2017|Derin and Ali are two people from different worlds. Derin is the daughter of a rich man, on the otherside Ali is a 28 years old boy who saw his mom being killed by his dad when he was young. So rauf anne took him as his son and now after many years he is back to istanbul , where he will meet derin and they start to figure out the truth about the night ali his father killed his mom 
Bu bu wei ying|1999|This contemporary fast-paced drama shows how a successful stock trader, hardened by her harsh working environment, overcomes arrogance and fear to gain the respect of fellow colleagues, friends and family members. Her life takes a dramatic turn when she knocks down a young boy in a car accident which leaves him paralysed. Fann Wong stars in this contemporary fast-paced drama as a successful stock trader who, hardened by her harsh working environment, overcomes arrogance and fear to gain the respect of fellow colleagues, friends and family members. However, life's never a bed of roses as she soon finds out. Her life takes a turn when she knocks down a young boy in a car accident which leaves him paralysed. 
Bu liang xiao hua|2008|A cross between My Fair Lady and Ugly Betty, Bu Liang Xiao Hua (Miss No Good) is a romantic comedy about a girl named Xiao Hua who has a normal life until one night a former classmate, Jia Si Le, asked her out on a date. Pressured to give up her rainbow colored clothing to impress Si Le, Xiao Hua blackmails fashion guru Teng Men (Will Pan) to transform her into a lady for her prince Jia Si Le, (Dean Fujioka). Unbeknownst that Si Le is betrothed to Jiang Mi (Chen Yan Xi) who is in love with him. Jiang Mi proposes a plan that will let Si Le see Xiao Hua in a not so pleasant light. 
Bubba's World|2010|"Bubba's World" is a docu-reality series about the number one motocross racer in the world, James "Bubba" Stewart, and his unique situation. At age 23, he is not only the highest paid rider pulling in over $10 million a year, but also the only African American to dominate in an all-white sport - often referred to as the Tiger Woods of motorcross. Just last year (2009), he completed a perfect motocross season - 24 wins in 24 races. 
Bubble Bip|2015|Bubble Bip is a CGI animated series co-produced by Planeta Junior, Triacom Audiovisual and TelevisiÛ de Catalunya. It tells the story of Bip, a videogame action hero who spends his life running from one screen to another until he decides to escape to the outside world for new adventures. Once on Earth, a group of kids almost as wacky as he is become his new comrades in adventure. The series is full of surprises and packed with action and comic gags. The stories provide entertainment and transmit values by addressing universal, educational subjects. 
Bubble Guppies|2011|Welcome to the Wings Over Bubbletucky Air Show! Today the Bubble Guppies are watching a whole bunch of birds take flight! When a family of flying ducks gets lost in a storm cloud, it's up to Molly, Gil and a little duckling named Beep to rescue them! 
Bubble Wrap Kids|2012|A suburban family's serenity is ruined by their mom's fear that a predator will abduct her two sons. Both kids can't venture to the corner store by themselves or play in the park across the street. The eldest wants to be a dancer but mom won't let him into the change-room by himself, stunting not only his childhood, but also his future career dreams. 
Bubblegum Crisis: Tokyo 2040|1998|Set in 2039-2040, This series is set in Megalo City, a city built over the ruins of Tokyo. Boomers, a line of android workers created by the Genom Corporation, perform dozens of tasks, from cleaning to management, to heavy industry. However, a strange series of events has caused a great deal of these boomers to go rogue, despite government and corporation cover-ups to the contrary. The AD Police, a special anti-Boomer task-force, performs it's best to stop the maniacal machines. However, always a step ahead of them are the mysterious vigilantes known only to the public as the Knight Sabers. No one is sure who these warriors are, but a young office lady named Lina Yamazaki is intent on finding out and joining them. 
Buccaneers and Bones|2010|Series casts off from San Pedro Island in Belize and explores the wonders of bone fishing through the eyes of this all-star cast who have each devoted a significant part of their lives to conservation causes. Their mission: to collect three legendary and elusive species of fish while doing their part to preserve these species for future generates. 
Buck Owens' Ranch Show|1966|Half-hour weekly country series featuring country superstar Buck Owens and right-hand man Don Rich, performing their trademark Bakersfield sound. Each program featured performances from regulars and guests, all from the world of country music. 
Buck Rogers in the 25th Century|1979|In 1987, NASA astronaut William "Buck" Rogers is caught in a freak accident in deep space, causing his space shuttle Ranger 3 to be blown into an orbit that returns him to Earth - over 500 years later. The combination of gases that freezes him comes close to the formula commonly used in the 25th century for preservation, and his rescuers are able to revive him. In 2491, when Buck awakens from the freezing, Earth is recovering from a nuclear war and is coming under hostile attack by the Draconian Empire. In the second season, Buck has been assigned aboard the Searcher, a starship exploring the unknown reaches of space while searching for former Earth colonies that are scattered across the galaxy. In 1987, NASA astronaut William "Buck" Rogers tests the space shuttle Ranger 3. His flight was to last only five months, but a meteor storm damages his life-support systems, freezing him solid, and casts Ranger 3 into an orbit which returns him to Earth - over 500 years later. Soon after Buck departs, Earth was devastated by a nuclear war caused by a renegade group of military officers. In 2491, after Buck has survived due to the freezing, he is revived and tries to adjust to life on 25th-century post-nuclear Earth. In the second season, Buck joins the crew of the Searcher, a starship dispatched to locate former Earth colonies in deep space. 
Buck Wild|2011|A skunk blanket? Basking in the sun? Buck wants to go in close and show us how not to get gassed to death by this stinky junk creature. Lucky for Buck, his trusty side-kick camera man will be by his side to jump in if the going gets too smelly! Go get'em Buck! 
Buck|????|Buck, a retired detective, is about to commit suicide when he receives the visit of Edith, a former girlfriend who asks his help to find her missing daughter. When Edith is found dead in Buck's apartment, he has to find the murder and the girl to prove his innocence. 
Bucket and Skinner's Epic Adventures|2011|After Bucket is disappointed that Kelly is going to prom with Blake, Skinner cheers up his friend with tickets to the rock festival. Piper destroys Kelly's expensive prom dress, and devises a way to get herself and Three Pieces on a TV game show. 
Bucket|2017|On her seventieth birthday feisty, foul-mouthed widow Mim tells her worry-prone school-teacher daughter Fran that they are booked into a luxury hotel so that Fran is shocked to discover it is actually Mini-World, a tatty theme park Mim had always wanted to visit. A further shock is in store when Mim explains that she is terminally ill and this is the first item on her bucket list. An admission from Fran sparks a row but an uneasy truce is restored as the couple prepare to fulfil Mim's second wish. 
Buckhead Betty|????|Buckhead Betty is a charming and comical look into the life of a widow named Betty. Her world is turned upside down after her husband died leaving his business attorney Jack, as executor of the estate. In Harrison's Last Will & Testament, Betty's late husband required her to find and maintain a job for at least six months in order to inherit his business and the financial empire it created; however Jack finds that he likes having financial control over Betty and will stop at nothing to maintain it while sabotaging Betty at every opportunity. A cast of characters surround Betty as she puts forth her best efforts to fulfill Harrison's last wishes and scrambles to maintain the life she once had. 
Buckingham|????|An 18th century drama chronicling the ethnic scandal, romantic intrigues and family dysfunction at Buckingham Palace after Queen Charlotte Sophia, a German Moor hiding her color under white make-up, marries "mad" King George III. 
Buckle Up|2017|Burt is the CEO of a multi-million dollar chemical company. Because of his position and his standoffish demeanor, his employees are terrified of him. But even though he's rolling in dough, he's always looking to save a buck. That's why he decided to use Axxle to take him home from work. He's about to step from his ivory tower into the cauldron of fire. 
Buckskin|1958|Chrissy Miller, Jody's best friend, causes an injury to her father's best mare, and she makes Jody promise not to tell anyone. When she arrives home four hours late her friends and family jump to conclusions about the reasons for her lateness, and when she won't tell them where she's been or what she's been doing, speculation runs rampant and results in charges being leveled against an innocent man, amidst talk of a "necktie party". 
Buckwild|2012|The show follows the lives of nine young adults in Sissonville, West Va. and Charleston, West Va., they have a great love for the small-town America and seemingly create their own unique ways to enjoy life in the rural area surrounding them. 
Bucky O'Hare and the Toad Wars!|1991|In an alternative dimension called the Aniverse where the denizens are humanoid animals, the free worlds are threatened by the toads who are under the control of the insane computer, Komplex. The sole defence is the forces of S.P.A.C.E., which unfortunately, consists of a single ship called The Righteous Indignation under the command of Captain Bucky O'Hare. During one engagement, the ship's Photon Accelerator seriously malfunctioned, resulting in the disappearance of the engineer and the opening of a dimensional portal to the room of a human boy called Willy Dewitt, who is an engineering genius as well. Now, that boy has a part time job as part of Bucky O'Hare's crew as the war against the toads continues. 
Budapest to Bamako|2007|Budapest provides the backdrop for a unique rally featuring over 200 participants from around the world. Teams dash across Hungary, Austria, the Mediterranean coast of Italy, France and Spain before boarding a ferry to Morocco. In Morocco they enjoy the warmth of Saharan hospitality, discover that camel makes an excellent kebab and meet refugees from a country that most people never even heard of. The third leg of the rally starts with a hair raising drive through a mine-strewn "no-man's" land before Mauritania. After crossing the great desert, teams find out that the last hurdles are the most forbidding. As they race across the vast savannah disaster strikes. But after two weeks of grueling and sometimes neck-breaking travel, they reach the bustling capital of Mali. 
Buddy Complex|2014|On the first day back after summer break, high-school student Aoba is attacked by a giant robot that appears out of the sky. As he's pursued through the city, his classmate Hina appears in a robot of her own. She rescues him, and tells him cryptically that "Dio is waiting for you", before she disappears. This begins Aoba's new life as the pilot of the Free Treaty Alliance against the Great Zogiria Republic. 
Buddy Faro|1998|Slick Rat Pack private investigator Buddy Faro disappeared in 1978 following the murder of a woman he fell for. Twenty years later he resurfaces after being located by PI Bob Jones, one of Buddy's fans from way back when. Together they reopen Buddy's PI agency with help from actress Julie Barber and Buddy's disco refugee business partner El Jefe and pick up right where Buddy left off. 
Buddy Jackson|2006|In this look in to the world of G. Stimpson Erdogan, Stimpson is battling with his friends and fellow gamers over who will control a powerful magic object. The game takes an unexpected turn when the magic comes under the control of an unexpected party. 
Buddy Thunderstruck|2017|The ongoing misadventures of the greatest truck racer of all time, Buddy Thunderstruck. With his mechanic/copilot Darnell each episode shows Buddy dealing with another race themed situation. This takes place in and around the town of greasepit. Buddy Thunderstruck is an action-comedy, stop-motion extravaganza that follows the adventures of a semi-truck racing dog named Buddy and his albino ferret mechanic. It all goes down in race-obsessed Greasepit, a place chock full of larger-than-life characters and nitro-burning, gear-slamming, tire-squealing, fish-tailing good times. In the town of Greasepit, there is no racer like Buddy Thunderstruck, a good-old boy racing trucker dog with a wild need for speed, and a desperate one for common sense. With his good ferret buddy, Darnell, those two spend their days tearing up the racetracks and roads to the annoyance of the Sheriff and usually getting into more trouble than they knew existed. Fortunately, with the help of Buddy's sister, Muncie, and his other friends, Buddy can usually get himself out of any predicament gets himself into. 
Buddy's Family Vacation|2016|To wrap up their long RV vacation, Buddy Valastro and his family travel through Tennessee to take in the beauty of the Great Smoky Mountains and stop by the Dollywood theme park! Then, they enjoy some Southern comfort eats like apple fritters at the Applewood Farmhouse in Sevierville and juicy burgers at Stock and Barrel in Knoxville. For their last stop, they hit Litton's Market for sweet desserts, which inspire Buddy to head back to the kitchen and put his own touch on their popular Tennessee orange cake. 
Budgie|1971|Chirpy Cockney petty crook "Budgie" Bird is the main character in this British television series of the early 1970s. Budgie was the eternal failure, with every scam, and every attempt to make his fortune, landing him further and further into trouble, either with the police, or with his untrustworthy sometime boss, the cynical Charlie Endell, a respectable club owner on the surface, and underworld villain below it. All attempts to put Budgie on the "straight and narrow" by his girlfriend, and awful ex-wife, were in vain, and with an unflappable optimism, he bounced in and out of prison on a regular basis as the series progressed. 
Budva na pjenu od mora|2012|Jovo is trying to help Olga and free her from corruption accusations. Luka and Bojana are not sure about their relationship. Savo is trying to find investors for his ambitious projects, but one happy event will mark the beginning of a new chapter for all of them. 
Budweiser: Uncompromising Series|2015|Budweiser and FOX Sports have teamed up once again for a new four-part documentary series titled Uncompromising. Beginning on Thursday, May 14th on Fox Sports 1, the series will unveil the unconventional routes four different athletes took in their rise to stardom. 
Budz|2010|A Dark and Comical look at a group of Budz, living in Toronto, who are reunited with a member of the group who spent six months in jail. They face the struggles of breaking out as artists, affording rent and dealing with what the world throws at them all while avoiding an uncomfortable confrontation with their religious Landlord and officers of the law while they are the prime suspects in a murder mystery involving a cake. Can they hold it together? 
Buena familia|2015|The Buena Family Appears To Have It All Wealth Power Fame and Money,But When The Father Falls To A Victim Of A False Accusation Of A Crime Which He Did Not Commit It Appears To Be A Shocking Scam However Due To The Arrival Of Josephine Carter(Sheryl Cruz)She Decided To Unleash Her Evil Revenge On The Buena Family By Plotting Their Fall And Destruction Eventually They Lose All Their Wealth And Holdings.From Time To Time One Of The Children Of The Buenas Which Is Celine(Kylie Padilia)Finds A Good And Stable Job With The Help Of A Caring And Sympathetic Businessman Harry(Martin Del Rosario) However Their Love Should Be Put To The Test When Mysteries And Secrets Starts To Unfold Regarding Her Identity That She Was Only Adopted And Her Real Mother Is Josephine.How Will She React If The Evil Person Who Devastates And Destroys Her Whole Life Is None Other Than Her Real Mother? 
Buenos Dias mi Amor|2014|Buenos Dias mi Amor is a bilingual English and Spanish language morning show that airs and broadcasts live from Dallas Fort Worth. "Buenos Dias mi Amor" is hosted by Dr. Janet Alvarez and co-hosted by celebrities, local personalities, singers, national reporters, political analysts and it can also be cohosted by you. This morning show is a fun and amusing program that showcases the best of Latin entertainment and offers vital information for the Hispanic community including the latest news and current events. Buenos Dias Mi Amor with Dr. Janet Alvarez (known as The Public Defender) is a refreshing, innovative, social, educational, and political multi-media morning show hosted by the Latin political satirist, writer, television host, actress, and investigative journalist. On the cutting edge Dr. Alvarez, drew the wrath of self-styled moralists even as she used wit and humor to provide a new kind of morning show. Buenos Dias Mi Amor integrates mobile, the internet, and the most sophisticated technology and cutting edge graphic designs. This new format will highlight Alvarez's outgoing and straightforward personality. In addition to these technological enhancements, this exciting multi-media morning show will provide viewers satirical analysis on controversial local and national stories. 
Buffalo Bill|1983|Bill Bittinger is the egotistical host of a local daytime talk show on WBFL in Buffalo, NY., unhappy at being a big fish in a small pond (but unable to break into the big leagues). Bill makes life miserable for his crew, guests, and especially his station manager, Karl Shub, who is constantly dodging lawsuits resulting from Bill's behavior. The one person Bill is unable to bully is his director and on again/off again lover, Jo Jo White. 
Buffalo Bill, Jr.|1955|The people of Wileynille are in a spot because a rival railroad is going to lay rails in Empire Pass. This would make Wileyville become a ghost town. Buffalo Bill Jr. comes up with a plan to save the town, but the rival railroad won't hear of this and Bill and his sis, Calamity, must warn the others before it is too late. 
Buffalo Girls|1995|Wild. Untamed. Legendary. Buffalo Girls celebrates the bold escapades of tough-talking Calamity Jane Canary and her illustrious cohorts. It's the waning days of the Wild West and Jane, the rough 'n' rugged cowgirl, is searching not only for her long-lost daughter, but the Wild West she once knew. Jane traverses plains, mountains and continents until she finally discovers the answer to her problems: Dora, the vivacious, gold-hearted madam who's been her one true friend all along. 
Buffering|2012|Something's wrong and everyone knows it: Ben is happy. Alex (with the help of Darren, Cindy, Tim and some brand NEW faces) constructs the perfect plan to uncover the truth. Meanwhile, Ben is making plans of his own. All is not what it seems. 
Buffy Jr on the Run|????|It's all about Buffy's daughter Jr Summers. She's next in the slayer generations. And to fully understand her own destiny, following her mother's footstep, but to fully understand her own background, as she's tries to uncover her true identity, with the help of her mother's friends. And hopefully track her birth father, and hopefully down the line, finally be able to put everything at rest and be happy. 
Buffy the Vampire Slayer|1997|"In every generation there is a chosen one... she alone will stand against the vampires, the demons and the forces of darkness. She is the slayer." Buffy Summers knows this tale by heart, and no matter how hard she tries to be just a "normal girl", she can not escape from her destiny... Thankfully, she is not alone in her quest to save the world, as she has the help of her friends, the hilarious (and surprisingly quite effective) evil-fighting team called "The Scooby Gang". Together, Buffy & co. will slay their demons, survive one apocalypse after another, attend high school and college... and above all, understand that growing up can truly be Hell sometimes... literally. 
Bug Bites|2015|Themes Explored: Loyalty to Loved Ones, Healthful Lifestyle, and Avoiding Illness in School. Hands On: Germs - how does contagious disease spread? Science Covered: Arthropod Diseases, Modes & Containment of Contagious Disease, and Avoiding Illness. There's a bug in the air... and it's not the cute kind! When Gilbert comes down with flu symptoms, Adam rushes to find a cure. But in the meantime, Bug Bites needs a co-host! Kids will laugh and learn as Adam auditions a slew of wannabe stars. Even as we investigate the various insect illnesses that could be plaguing Gilbert, our intrepid roach refuses to admit that there is anything wrong with him. "The show must go on!" 
Bug Juice|1998|"Bug Juice" tells of teen agers at summer camp. This documetary lets the campers talk about their feelings and show events in their life at camp such as love, heart break, best friend fights. When the show first came out, the summer sessions at Camp Wayiatah in Maine, but every summer the camps change. Bug Juice is set at Camp Waziyatah in Waterford, Maine. There are nearly 150 campers, but you look closely into Grove 4, who are the boys:Andy, Andrew, Asa, Connor, Ev, Hassan, Jason, Jon, & Malik and Hill 4 who are the girls:Alison, Caitlin, Jenny, Kisha, Lauren, Martha, Megan, Sarai,& Stephanie. There are two 4 weeks session. In the first session the boys get along so well and have in instant bond, but the girls are having problems. In the 2nd Session, Andy, Connor, Ev, and Jason leave and get Max, Andy, Justin, and Patrick and in the girls Alison, Jenny, Lauren, Martha, and Megan and get Cammie, Molly, Annie, Anna, and Sarah. And the exact opposite happens, the girls have an instant bond but the guys are having problems. Bug Juice is a documentary about middle school age kids at summer camp. The first season followed the adventures of campers at Camp Waziyatah in Maine. The second season follows the adventures of campers at Camp Highlander in North Carolina. 
Bug Spoon|2015|Bug Spoon is a web series about an aspiring performing group from the small town of Bug Spoon, Alabama, who call themselves the Huzzah Hooplahs. Along with their manager Trenton, they document their assured rise to stardom in this mockumentary-style series. 
Bugged|2009|Our hero is Murphy, an ET hunter; a real, bona fide, bob's your uncle hunter. But he has a big problem: nothing ever works like it's supposed to...especially when he is trying to catch Puck, a big, really, really annoying (and that's being polite)...bug! And as if being a walking catastrophe weren't enough, Murphy has competition: there is another, super bounty hunter also trying to catch Puck...a bounty hunter whose dubious methods are worthy of Inspector Harry : El Roacho. The two of them are going to fight tooth and nail with each other because Puck is worth a lot of money, a real lot of money. 
Buggin' Out|2016|In a quest to uncover new avenues of sustainability, food adventurer ChefPV faces his fear of eating insects in order to help save the world and become part of the next big culinary thing. His bug-infused journey is peppered with culinary discoveries, expert guests and a bearded magic dragon named Mosquito who is loaning his magical kitchen to ChefPV for the run of the show. 
Bugs|1995|When Beckett, an agent for a top secret intelligence agency known as The Hive, uncovers a sinister plot by his employers, he is expelled and joins a freelance group of investigators dedicated to solving high tech crimes. When Nick Beckett (a worker at a Government agency called 'The Hive') is framed over the murder of an official, he seeks help from a company called Gizmos (run by Ros Henderson, with help from her friend, Ed). Together they hunt the villains and go freelance. The BUGS team is formed and begins to solve cases of hi-tech crime and espionage. 
Buhwal|2005|Seo Ha-eun (played by Eom Tae-woong) lost his father when he was 7 years old. He was brought up in Seo Jae-soo's house where he meets his love with Eun-ha (played by Han Ji-min), a pure, good-spirited person. Ha-eun ends up being a detective instead of a criminal. Ha-eun begins to unravel information about his dead father when he is investigating a suicide case. During the investigation, he discovers that he has a twin brother named Yoo Shin-hyuk (also portrayed by Eon Tae-woong), and meets him after 20 years. He also learns that his mother is still alive. The killers who wanted to assassinate Ha-eun accidentally murder Shin-hyuk, due to the similarities of the twins. Because of this, Ha-eun plans revenge by becoming Shin-hyuk. 
Buick Human Highlight Reel|2011|It started with a simple idea: find stories that inspire us and share them with the world. From a former star player making a difference for three million kids around the world to a swimmer who turns his NCAA success into a chance to change lives - every cause, every person, and every contribution is testament to the power of human achievement. By offering our support to further these causes and ideas, Buick and the NCAA are celebrating the next generation of achievers. 
Build It Bigger|2006|Architect Danny Forster gets up close and personal with mega construction. Along the way, Danny explores design and construction of amazing structures. Danny loves what he does, brings some background knowledge, and gets hands on at every site. 
Building Alaska|2012|Jere, Ben and Tim put the finishing touches on the biggest project they've undertaken: building a 112-foot floating barge. They struggle with figuring out how to get a 40-foot trailer underneath it so they can transport it to the water, and hurricane-force winds change their plans and delay the launch. Nick gets help from his family and friends, but the group struggles trying to install the 27 pilings needed to build his dream fishing lodge and warehouse. In the end they solve the problem using some Alaskan ingenuity. Finally, Brannon's cabin starts taking shape as the crew does some heavy lifting putting up the gable end walls. 
Building Big with David Macaulay|2000|Commercial demand, new materials, clever designs, the occasional disaster and sheer determination have driven the construction of the most colossal structures in the world today.The magnificent bridges around the world serve as examples of the challenges designers have overcome. 
Building NY|2012|Armos 8 Restoration's reputation is built on commitment, honesty and quality work. In a field where on-time and on-budget are a rarity, Armos 8 delivers on both. Don't believe it? Well, seeing is believing. Watch how Angelo, the owner of Armos 8, does it all while dealing with local traffic enforcement, bad weather, city inspectors, and demanding owners...and oh yeah, he's a dedicated father and husband. 
Building Off the Grid|2016|Alaskan builder Jeff Ward, has been building houses in remote locations all over Alaska for years. Now his son Bryce, who is also the current mayor of the North Pole, is lending a hand as they combine their talents to create an off-the-grid cabin not too far from Santa's house. 
Building Off the Grid: Alaska Range|2015|Ana and Jacob White and their two small kids are a modern-day Swiss Family Robinson, building an off-the-grid cabin on the Alaska Range. With all of their materials needing to be transported by snowmobile, this adventurous couple will have their work cut out for them as they create an entire home with no utilities available. And with the unpredictable Alaskan weather, not to mention aggressive wildlife, this family will be racing against the seasonal clock to get the cabin done before the dead of winter. 
Building Off the Grid: Big Sky Ranch|2016|After years spent traveling and working around the globe, Jon and Etta Smith are settling down with their 18-month-old daughter, Syndi. In one of the most remote corners of northwestern Montana, they are building a home and bison ranch off the grid. While neighbors are few and far between, Jon and Etta's new house will have no shortage of visitors, from mountain lions, to badgers, to wolves. With the harsh Montana winter right around the corner, these first-time home builders are in a race against time to finish their dream home sooner, rather than later. 
Building Resilience|2011|In this unique series of interactive episodes, viewers become the lead characters in a drama, make decisions, and see the consequences of the choices they select. The sixteen episode series aims to strengthen the viewers resilience in five human dimensions: emotional, family, social, physical, and spiritual. 
Building Wild|2014|A lifelong dairy farmer and his microbrewing son want the Cabin Kings to build them a Brewery Cabin on the family farm where they can make their own beer. But when Paulie and Tuffy discover they must build a backwoods brewery using repurposed items like an 800 gallon milk tank, a dilapidated corn crib, a broken-down table saw, and some repurposed skylights, they start to wonder if this build will end up being a recipe for disaster. 
Building a Difference|2009|The first season of Building A Difference features the work and ministry of Builders Care, a non-profit construction company based in Jacksonville, FL. Each episode tells a different story of families that are helped by Builders Care and its volunteers. 
Building the Biggest|2006|It's construction like you've never seen it before! Building the Biggest is an innovative six-part series capturing the most ambitions building projects shaping our world today. From pipelines and diamond mines to the International Space Station and the Singapore subway system, Building the Biggest examines what it takes to get the job done and meets with the masters of construction who make the seemingly impossible a practical reality. Every episode of Building the Biggest examines a single major construction process - from diamond mining to roller coaster building - following the most dramatic points in construction that demand the steadiest hands, heaviest machines - and coolest nerves. Find out exactly what it takes for a construction dream to be become a steel and concrete reality. 
Built from Skratch|2007|Built from Skratch is a hip-hop lifestyle show on MYX TV. The show features in-depth interviews with todays top indie and major label acts, including MCs, DJs, and producers. You'll find feature stories on hip-hop clothing and fashion and look at the world thru the eyes of the graffiti artists and break dancers. 
Built to Shred|2008|Built to Shred is an extreme sports show that will satisfy all fans of skateboarding, stunt riding, and other extreme sports. Host Jeff King gives viewers a front-row seat as he collaborates with riders, skateboard technicians and course designers to develop the most elaborate and challenging riding environments possible. 
Built|2013|Gail Greenberg and her hard-working hubby live in a mansion in Woodbury, Long Island. Her husband, a successful plastic surgeon, wants their basement converted into another office--but Gail has other plans! She turns to Kim to design a Moroccan spa where they can relax, instead of work. The Hott and Handy boys must complete construction behind her husband's back, which is no easy task--especially when he swings by for an impromptu visit. Meanwhile, Sandy models for a fire department catalog. 
Buiten de Zone|1994|'Buiten de Zone' is set at a telephone exchange, run by five volunteers, who try to answer the telephone calls from people of their own age. They don't get many calls however, which lets them get carried away by their daydreams about all sorts of important things, like adventure, danger, fear, seduction and love, nostalgia, goodbyes and, of course, eternal life. 'The Famous Five' of the 'Jongerenfoon' are the romantic, dreamy Raf, impulsive Robin, the realistic and even a bit cynical Ubi, the spontaneous but inconsistent Roxanne and the idealistic and naive Merel. 
Bukas na lang kita mamahalin|2013|The story revolves around a tormented son, Miguel, because of the tragic incident that happened to his father who was convicted of murder for allegedly killing a politician, and died after a ramble inside the prison. As he grows up into a trouble-prone young man, the trauma of the past haunts him in the present when he is accused as one of the suspects in a rape case. Having put in the same situation, he believes that he will not end up like his father who never had a chance to prove his innocence. On his ultimate journey in finding justice for his case with the help of his beloved mother, he coincidentally discovers the means that can clear his father's name and the truth behind the co-existence of their fates. It is the story of seeking justice against all odds and laws. 
Bukhta strakha|2008|A well-known metropolitan writer, the author of intellectual detectives Katerina Korneeva instead of the long-awaited vacation in sunny Italy, receives from her beloved husband a ticket to the Baltic seashore, to the westernmost "fort" of Russia - Kaliningrad. Together with her husband and their friend Vyacheslav Malyutin, she comes to the mysterious resort village of Morskoye on the famous Curonian Spit, where mysterious murders have been going on for a year already. A series of exciting events involves the heroine in the investigation. 
Bukod kang pinagpala|2013|Just like any other married guy, Leandro Alcuar longs for a child but, unfortunately, his wife Bessie, cannot give him one. Supporting the business and living with Bessie is her cousin Ofelia Almazan. Because of her husband's death, Ofelia single-handedly raised her daughter Lizzie. Ofelia devoted her life to Lizzie, but the latter eventually dies because of heart failure. On the other side of the story is Janet Perez, a cunning woman who deeply admires Leandro because of his looks and wealth. Ambitiously wanting Leandro's attention, she viciously schemed to have a child with him. When she was about to tell Leandro the news that she is pregnant, Janet finds out that Bessie is also pregnant. In memory of Ofelia's daughter, Bessie will name her child Lizzie, who will also eventually die because of an accident. Janet decides to go abroad and leaves her child Lara, together with a letter, in front of the house of Leandro. Unfortunately, it is Ofelia who first sees Lara and reads Janet's letter. Longing for a child, Ofelia decides to keep Lara and lies to Leandro and Bessie about the true identity of the child. Another twist comes in when Janet, now married to a rich Japanese businessman, comes back and tries to get Lara back. 
Bul sae|2004|In this episode the location is Cheju Island off the south coast. Lee Eun-ju plays Lee Ji-eun, the once rich girl now in the subservient role as maid to Jang Se-hoon, who is her ex-husband and now married to the daughter of a rich real estate agent, Yoon, Mi-Ran played by Jung Hae-Young. Strong passions are stirred in every episode of Bul-sae (Phoenix) and episode ten contains gorgeous scenery around the island paradise of Cheju Island. Business is conducted with two Americans in the palatial office of The Shilla Hotel where the maid Ji-eun gets an offer that adds a new twist to her fate. 
Buladjang|2017|AUSTRALIA, 1975: When an ambitious collector of Aboriginal art uncovers the secret indigenous mythology of a forbidden region known as 'Buladjang' (or 'Sickness Country'), he becomes an unwitting pawn in an illegal US mining operation - and a CIA plot to overthrow the Whitlam Government. 
Bulging Brides|2008|Too much rich food and fine wine has left Cathy bulging out of her wedding dress. She tries to stick to the workout and nutrition plan, but calorie-filled temptation is everywhere. Can Cathy give up the good life and drop enough inches to fit into her gown? 
Bull|2000|Bull is an American drama series created by Michael S. Chernuchin. It was TNT's first original series, and was cancelled in the middle of Season 1. The show's name is in reference to the bull market, but the airing of the series coincided with the dot-com bubble crash that turned what had until then been a bull economy in the United States into a bear market. Bull is about a group of Wall Street investment bankers that risk everything to break away from an established firm and start their own company. Leading the way is Robert "Ditto" Roberts III, the brilliant grandson of the founder of their former company who must betray his family heritage in order to stake a claim to his own life. His partners - Corey Granville, Marty Decker, Carson Boyd, Alison Jeffers and Marissa Rufo - each with a separate agenda, risk losing everything to join him in the new rival start-up firm that will answer the call of the new economy. With no financing, no clients and the rivalry of every player in town, the team's dreams rest on Hunter Lasky, the hard-hitting negotiations shark who has the potential to give the renegade team of Wall Street brokers the edge and legitimacy they need to succeed in the competitive world of high finance. 
Bullet Hole|2007|Medal, mark the hero, remember the unforgettable story. The thirties of the last century, the era of warfare. Stone broken days, in the Jagged battlefield life and death, repeatedly built Qigong Red Army head, suddenly received a mysterious task, turned out to escort an unknown traffic officer. So the contrast of the strong changes in the personality of the rebellious fighters feel very useless. However, the placid behind the hidden hidden pull the body of the mystery: As Gu Shunzhang's rebellion, the Chinese Communist Party in Shanghai underground gangs were devastating blow, located in Shanghai's international radio station was destroyed by the enemy, in order to quickly restore the Party Central Committee and the outside world Of the contact, lurking in the enemy agents of the underground party members Song Yingjie secretly cover the traffic through the Shanghai, braving the huge risk to the party on the long march on the way to secretly send high-power radio and special password. 
Bullet Points|2013|American military involvement in Vietnam lasted twelve years and cost the lives of almost 60,000 soldiers. We highlight the decisive moments, from the first shot, to the withdrawal of the last Marine - breaking down the key battles and turning points. 
Bullet in the Face|2012|It's a dystopian future in Br¸teville City, where crime is running rampant due to a gangland styled war between rival mob bosses Johann Tannhauser and Racken. Gunter Vogler and Martine Mahler are two of Tannhauser's hit people. Sociopath Gunter kills for killing's sake. Martine, who is Tannhauser's girlfriend, is having an affair with Gunter. In a robbery gone wrong, Gunter is shot in the face and captured by the police. After recuperating, Gunter is convinced by Police Commissioner Eva Braden to work for them against Tannhauser, when she shows him that Martine was the one who purposefully shot him, probably on Tannhauser's orders. What is as distasteful to Gunter is that the face of one of the police detectives he killed in the botched robbery is transplanted onto him as part of his reconstructive surgery. Now masquerading as that detective, Gunter is partnered with overly sensitive Lt. Karl Hagerman, who cannot stomach that he is now working side by side with the man who killed his partner. Added to the complicated situation is that both Hagerman and Braden have what they believe is more than a professional relationship with Gunter's predecessor. And Martine is pregnant with who she says is Gunter's baby... or is it? Through it all, Gunter is torn between his new life and his past life as a sociopath, which may still be at the core of his character. 
Bullit: The Documentary|2013|Character driven half-hour films told through a spectacular blend of visual storytelling, in-the-moment interview and voice over narration. With an emphasis on high production value and diverse subject matter, the series transports viewers around the globe to experience inspiring personal journeys in captivating locations. The films endeavor to bring audiences a first-hand look at what only a privileged few have seen; the inside of an active volcano, behind the scenes of professional Sumo wrestling, face-to-face encounters with endangered Minke whales. The stories are told in a professional and approachable style that entertains and informs general audiences while maintaining a connection with core fans. The depth and breadth of topics and locations make this series unlike anything else on television - and while each story can be viewed as a standalone film, all of the episodes adhere to our signature style and format. 
Bullit: The Magazine|2012|Bullit - The Magazine is a fascinating new TV series launched by Red Bull Media House. Every week, the magazine program scours the globe to track down the world's most compelling stories, profiling inspirational people, groundbreaking achievements and extraordinary lifestyles. Sport, culture, travel, adventure - this program appeals to a wider audience, not just the young or urban crowd. Using powerful imagery, compelling narrative and the highest production standards, Bullit steps off the beaten track to take its audience into uncharted territory, giving them the very thing they want the most when watching TV: inspiration. 
Bulloch Family Ranch|2012|Meet Julie and Rusty Bulloch, a fun-loving, working class couple that devotes their time and resources to help others. Julie and Rusty are the proud parents of 25 kids they have taken in to save from the streets and broken families, providing them with a home and love that helps them to flourish. "Bulloch Family Ranch" chronicles the dramatic everyday adventures of Julie and Rusty Bulloch, a fun-loving working class couple that juggles multiple jobs to make ends meet. Together, they are the proud "parents" of currently more than 30 kids. Only two, Amanda and Brodie, are biological. The rest are teens and young adults who have lived at -- and periodically returned to - the Bulloch Ranch during various times of dire need. For almost two decades, the Ranch has served as a place where troubled teens and young adults are welcomed with open arms and given a chance to get back on the right track. Rusty and Julie are committed to giving all their "kids" a stable, caring, nurturing environment along with the tools they need to become productive adults. In Season Two, viewers will meet 21-year old single mother Ciara, and discover how a series of bad decisions by those closest to her have left this complicated, beautiful young woman utterly broke, pregnant again and in need of some love and stability. Her relationship with past Ranch kid Shawndell (currently finishing a three-year term in prison for violating parole) is at a turning point. In addition, high school football player Jordan, 17, returns to face multiple challenges -- his senior year, his shoulder injury recovery, and his distracting girlfriend. Twenty-four-year old Wilson continues to work and save up for his wedding by living at the Ranch. This being his second stay with the Bullochs, Wilson now thinks of himself as "an older, wiser voice" among the "kids." Finally, talented scholarship footballer and former Ranch "kid" Claude Davis, 25, also returns to regroup, train and focus on his return to professional football. To be sure, there's never a dull moment when it comes to the Bullochs. Structure, discipline, love, faith, respect, amazing down home cooking and crazy pranks abound as the UP Original Series "Bulloch Family Ranch" continues. 
Bullock the Bruiser|2016|Wilson Bullock is a narcissistic New Yorker who begins fighting crime because he thinks it will attract women and make him famous. Upon entering the crime-fighting world, Bullock gets involved with some of the most dangerous people in New York City who force him to not only fight for his life, but learn what it means to be a true hero. 
Bullpitt!|1997|When Ted moves to Whispering Pines Retirement Village, he discovers life in the slow lane is very hectic. He's stalked by the village glamour queen, has a fight over his famous chair and finds the village gardener growing suspicious mushrooms in his unit. 
Bullproof|2011|Bullproof takes us into the lives of the hard-living men who use themselves as bait to lure 2000-pound bulls away from fallen cowboys. Part athletes, part stuntman, part punching bag- and all hero- American bullfighters don't actually fight bulls, they put their bodies (and lives) between the rampaging bulls and the riders just long enough to get the cowboy out of harm's way. 
Bullrun|2007|The most glamorous rally in this world takes on the east coast of North America as it rolls from Montreal, Quebec down to Key West, Florida. With stops along the way in Boston, Savannah, Miami, Orlando and more, and some of Bullrun's best loved characters, this is the best adventure yet. And not only is there the traditional Bullrun fun and mayhem, there's also a world record attempt as Richard Rawlings and Dennis Collins attempt to beat the driving record from New York to LA in under 32 hours. 
Bullrun: Cops, Cars & Superstars II|2005|We've seen the Bullrun: Cops, Cars & Superstars in all its glory, ploughing through the USA. Now Giant Film and TV are taking it to the absolute limit, by putting six of the world's most bizarre celebrity pairings on the rally. While locked together in a car for 10 hours a day, they'll compete to earn points, try not to get lost, try not to get arrested and try to survive each others company - plus surviving clever sabotage tactics - as they compete on the world's most glamorous rally to win £20k for the charity of their choice 
Bullseye|1980|A general-knowledge quiz show, in which contestants competed to complete question contracts in order to win cash prizes. The contestant would chose from a selection of categories and try to answer a randomly chosen number of questions from that category. With each correct answer, the prize money in the pot would grow larger, until he had completed the contract and could put the money into his bank. If he missed a question, however, his opponent was given the chance to complete the contract and claim the prize money for himself. The first contestant to put $2000 dollars in their bank won the game. 
Bullshit Quest|2014|Gurburdee Binnabee is a rogue who stumbles upon a mysterious tribe led by the diabolical Chief Cummydick who has sinister plans with a bottle of mustard. When he is spotted stealing the mustard, he escapes back to his hometown where he ropes his room-mate Spanky into it who is not pleased. 
Bullyvard|2017|Welcome to the Bullyvard, where things isn't always what it seems. What you see will never be what you get. Bullyvard is an expressive animated series that follows cleverly funny, unique and dynamic characters and takes a comedic look at their daily mishaps. 
Bulman|1985|Having left the police force in disgust, the eccentric and bad-tempered detective George Kitchener Bulman (Don Henderson) set himself up as a private investigator in this third appearance of the character (see also "The XYY Man","Strangers"). This leads him into trouble with the hard men of London's gangland underworld, and the devious men of the secret service. Although its darker qualities persisted, by the end of the series, precious little attempt was being made to take it seriously. 
Bulmyeolui Lee Soon-shin|2004|Historical drama centered on the famous Korean Admiral Yi Soon-Shin (1545-1598), who saved Korea and China from conquest by Japan in a string of brilliant naval victories. Yi used iron-clad war ships more than 260 years before the Battle of Hampton Roads in the US Civil War (the Monitor vs. the Virginia). The drama deals with his life from childhood to his death in the midst of his final victorious battle against the Japanese, and shows the contributions made by his support staff and ship's crews. Based on the life and actual diaries of Navy Admiral Lee Soon Shin (or Yi Sun Shin) this historical epic television series follows the man who would become a legend and hero in Korean history. During the Choseon Dynasty, Lee Soon Shin was responsible for constructing the Geobukseon, or Turtle Ships, and turning the tides of the Seven-Year War against Toyotomi Hideyoshi's Japanese fleets. The historical epic television series depicts his life, from his early days struggling to become a magistrate to his final battle against Japan. Through a diverse ensemble cast, the story also shows life for the royal families of Korea and Japan, and civilians during that era. 
Bulranggajuc|2006|Na Rim , who came from a wealthy household, lost her family in a car accident when she was nine. After the accident, she suffered from amnesia so her uncle hired Oh Dal Gun, an ex-ganster,to recreate a similar household with parents, sister, brother, grandparents and uncle in hopes that she would regain her memory. In a hurry, Oh Dal Gun ended up hiring all sorts of odd ball characters to act as members of Na Rim's family. None got along at the start and hilarious situation arose when all members tried to cope in front of the little girl and also to protect her from the one who caused her family's accident. Eventually they started to behave like a real family and cared for each other, proving that blood relation is not as important as a caring heart. 
Bum Rush|2016|A Story of Friendship, Love, Money, Betrayal and Violence.... Det. Jermaine Lawson has returned to his old neighborhood as an Undercover Cop, sworn to take down the local drug Kingpin! But he didn't know that his best friend, J Rock, is next in line and now running things.... Will Det. Lawson Honor the Badge or his Family. 
Bumbloods|2012|When a new, synthetic drug hits the streets, 90% of the human population is suddenly transformed into flesh eating zombies. Dr. Jeremy "JERMS" Madison and his roommate Mario "KREPE" Krepeli find themselves in the middle of a zombie infested world and this "odd couple" must learn to cohabitate despite their differences and the ever growing horde of undead around them. 
Bump in the Night|1994|Bumpy is after a particularly juicy sock. Unfortunately, an ambulatory glove is after the same sock. No way, no how is Bumpy gonna let some glove get his sock. / Squishington thinks that getting kissed by a princess will turn him into a prince. 
Bump!|2004|Bump! is the world's first gay and lesbian travel and lifestyle television series. It is unique and international in scope. In each episode Bump! presents a new gay-friendly destination in a stylish and upbeat format. Bump! travels the globe in search of fascinating gay human-interest stories. From gay tourism hot spots like Miami and London, to urban centers such as Montreal and Los Angeles, Bump! focuses its lens on gay and lesbian communities around the globe. 
Bumper Stumpers|1987|In this Canadian game show created by Wink MR10DAL (Martindale), contestants try to DCIFR (decipher) vanity plates. For example, SPSHLFX (special effects) would be the license plate of 'George Lucas'. Champions go on to face EFNMOR (even more) plates to win more money. 
Bumps in the Night|2009|An OCD ghost cleaning your house while you sleep? Bigfoot smashing your herb garden? A demon telling your girlfriend when you're cheating on her? The North Hollywood Ghost Strike Team (NOGHOST)of Greg, Emmett, and probationary member John are ready to tackle any super-, extra-, or para-normal event or creature. 
Bunch of Five|1992|Set in a flat in London. Follows the lives of four modern-minded but very different people, all of whom are too young to be married with children, but who are passed the student-and-wild freedom stage. 
Bunches of Fun|2017|Bunches of Fun. is an innovative children's series based on the traveling adventures of Bunches, a curious, energetic, fun-loving and affectionate monkey adventurer, who safely takes his audience beyond the confines of home, yard and community. 
Bungou Stray Dogs|2016|Nakajima Atsushi was kicked out of his orphanage, and now he has no place to go and no food. While he is standing by a river, on the brink of starvation, he rescues a man whimsically attempting suicide. That man is Dazai Osamu, and he and his partner Kunikida are members of a very special detective agency. They have supernatural powers and deal with cases that are too dangerous for the police or the military. They're tracking down a tiger that has appeared in the area recently, around the time Atsushi came to the area. The tiger seems to have a connection to Atsushi, and by the time the case is solved, it is clear that Atsushi's future will involve much more of Dazai and the rest of the detectives. 
Bunheads|2012|Michelle is a Las Vegas showgirl who would like to return to her true love... dancing. After a tumultuous experience at an audition for the musical Chicago, Michelle excepts a marriage proposal from an admirer. On impulse Michelle & Hubble get married & she relocates to a small town where she learns she will be sharing a house with her mother in law Fanny. Little to Michelle's knowledge, Fanny owns a dance studio in the back of the property & Michelle sees all these young ballerinas striving to reach their dreams. After an unexpected tragedy, Michelle's entire world will change. Michelle Simms is a ballerina turned Las Vegas showgirl. Feeling her career and life is in a rut, she accepts a marriage proposal from a kind admirer and moves to a small and sleepy town. There she takes a job at her mother-in-law's dance school, but things don't always run smoothly. 
Bunk|2012|This week, host Kurt Braunohler welcomes Kumail Nanjiani, Ethan T. Berlin, and Ben Garant as they shame puppies, create new road signs and reinvent the Venus de Milo, while competing for absurd and ridiculous prizes. Special guests Kumail Nanjiani, Ethan T. Berlin, Ben Garant 
Bunk'd|2015|Christina comes to visit the kids. Emma feels like her mom is doing everything better than her. Meanwhile the boys get stuck high above the ground in a ski lift thanks to Griff. Gladys tries multiple times to get on the yacht where Morgan is staying. 
Bunker, le cirque|2002|Puissances de l'ombre, hommes de paille, luttes fÈroces, manipulations et tÍtes sacrifiÈes ‡ l'autel du pouvoir: telles sont les principales forces en prÈsence de Bunker, dont le centre nÈvralgique est le cabinet du premier ministre Christophe Lacroix. Ex-banquier, Lacroix marche plus souvent qu'autrement sur la corde raide; il doit donc s'appuyer sur le directeur des communications, Mathieu Prescott. Dans un univers o˘ la rumeur prend littÈralement forme humaine et se rÈpand dans les corridors du pouvoirs, Prescott doit parfois mettre sa conscience en veilleuse au profit de son travail. 
Bunkheads|2017|A laugh-out-loud zombie apocalypse web series. It's a lot like if the roommates from "New Girl" were trapped in the world of "Shaun Of The Dead." After 1 year, frustrations come to a head as we explore the lives of four strangers sharing an underground bunker, while zombies devour the earth above. Get to know these lovable goofballs as they play, dream, disagree, hope and otherwise kill time until they become zombie lunchables...or are miraculously rescued. Because the hardest part of the zombie apocalypse isn't surviving; it's putting up with each other. 
Bunnicula|2016|Mina builds a vegetable monster for her science project, but when a blast of static electricity brings the creature to life, Bunnicula instantly falls for her charms. Fluffy the Vampire Pointer sets out to vanquish Bunnicula once and for all when she suspects Mina and her pets are under his control. 
Bunte Now|2016|BUNTE now is the multi media syndicated movie, entertainment and celebrity show of Europe's largest People Magazine BUNTE, produced by Burda Studios of Hubert Burda Media, Europe's Largest Magazine Group reaching more then 80 percent of the population including Harpers Bazaar, INstyle, Elle, Playboy, etc. 
Buraddi mandei|2008|A brilliant high school hacker, Fujimaru Takagi (Haruma Miura), gets drafted by the Japanese equivalent of the FBI(Third-I), to help them stop a group of terrorists intending to attack Tokyo with a biological weapon. When his friends and family members come under attack, Fujimaru realizes the seriousness of the situation he has been asked to participate in. A race against time begins as he helps the Third-I track down those responsible for the impending attack while the true purpose of the terrorist's plan comes to light. 
Burasurait‚|2008|The story is set in a fictional Germany and centers around the outbreak of bio-mechanical creatures named "Demoniacs", who rise from corpses and attack people mindlessly. All the while, a number of human-turned-Demoniacs appear. Some use their powers for good whilst others for evil. One will rise above all other Demoniacs to become the "Blassreiter". 
Buraz‚zu konfurikuto|2013|It's been a long time since Subaru left the mansion and haven't contacted anyone yet Ema is worried about him if he is having some problems in living alone, a moment Masaomi comes and tells Ema that they have just received a call from Subaru he is alright and tells her not to worry because he is not the only family member who is leaving. 
Burbs|2017|BURBS is a webseries about Wellington, the offbeat capital of antipodean New Zealand. Each episode invites audiences to look closer into a suburb of the city and offers a secret slice of life from that pocket. The second season covers four suburbs. Aro Valley has a political edge. Set on the night of the 2017 General Election, it follows the lives of two middle class hippie couples, both with big secrets. Mt. Cook champions female storytelling (all female characters, female writers, and a female director). Rongotai, set over six years, is both our 'San Junipero' and the gay love story of our times (sorry Moonlight). Happy Valley reveals where witches in Wellington are born and bred. 
Burden of Silence|2012|One in three Native American women will experience sexual abuse at some point in their lifetime. That is more than twice the national average. We hear from Donna Erikson, a native Alaskan woman and a survivor of sexual abuse and others who share their stories. These women are speaking out publicly for the first time in their lives about lifting the burden of silence within their community in the hopes that they will encourage others to do the same and start a dialogue. 
Bureau of Alien Detectors|1996|Intergalactic aliens are invading Earth. It is the job of the top-secret, specially-trained Bureau Of Alien Detectors to find and destroy them. However, there are those in authority who have hidden agendas concerning the aliens... 
Burey Bhi Hum Bhale Bhi Hum|2009|This story is about the Popat family. The head of the family is Mr.Ambalal who is a successful jewelery business. He has two sons, Mansukh and Bhallu, who are married to Rasila and Sushila. The family lives together in peace and harmony since they divided the house into two parts. A story about relationships and emotions. 
Burgers, Brew and 'Que|2015|Included: a bacon-and-blue cheeseburger gives an old San Antonio, Texas institution new life. Also: host 'Michael Symon (I)' (qv) eats a spicy sausage, that's a staple of his home state of Ohio; and starts his day in Austin, Texas with meaty eggs Benedict. 
Buried Lies|2016|Christy Clarke, a medical student is madly in love with boyfriend Jace Adams, the mayors son. What Christy doesn't know is Jace is actually cheating on Christy with Ariana Davis, Christy's enemy. Along with best friend, Skye Hamilton, the nice rich girl, the gang find themselves in a tangled web of lies when a party ends in disaster and murder. Throw in Detective Walker and Thomoson who are on the hunt to find out who's innocent and discover much more than you bargained for....for all Buried Lies must be dug up. Christy Clarke, a medical student is madly in love with boyfriend Jace Adams, the mayors son. What Christy doesn't know is Jace is actually chatting on Christy with Ariana Davis, Christy's enemy. Along with best friend, Skye Hamilton, the nice rich girl, the gang find themselves in a tangled web of lies when a party ends in disaster and murder. Throw in Detective Walker and Thomoson who are in the hunt to find out who's guilty and discover much more than you bargained for...for all Buried Lies must be dug up. 
Buried Secrets|2005|It was a flood of biblical proportion rampaging for two months, cutting a swath across 9 Midwestern states killing 50 people and destroying or damaging 55,000 homes. Hardin, Missouri, population a little over 600, was a small, close-knit farming community. Residents watched over each other and their history by taking exceptional care of the local cemetery where their ancestors rested. What the inhabitants of this small Missouri town came to realize was that the Great Midwest Flood of 1993 would have the ability to unearth the dead as the Missouri river flowed three and a half miles over its banks. The floodwaters ate through the Hardin cemetery, unearthing hundreds of headstones, vaults and caskets, sending them through the streets and fields of Ray County. As the disaster unfolded, a special team comprised of local volunteers and forensic anthropologists, pathologists and other specialists brought together by DMORT (Disaster Mortuary Operational Response Team) came from as far away as Washington, DC in a massive effort to recover, identify, and repatriate the hundreds of individuals exhumed by the floodwaters. On this segment of Skeleton Crew, Dr. Elizabeth Murray and some members of this unique crew will re-explore the extraordinary efforts that were undertaken to once again bring to rest the displaced remains, and provide closure for the living. 
Buried Tales|2014|Buried Tales is a dramatic anthology of three films; Fallout, Early Patrons and Will to Live. Jackie, your deceptively deadly host, guides you through these dark tales. Done in a classic black and white fifties style Buried Tales tackles subtext of issues very relevant for our times. Corporate greed, child abuse, and PTSD underlie strong character performances and deft plot twist. All done for an ultra micro budget highlighting that you don't need big money to tell big stories. 
Burka Avenger|2013|Burka Avenger is Pakistan's first ever 3D animated TV series. The protagonist of the show is Jiya, an inspirational school teacher whose alter ego is the super-heroine Burka Avenger. The Burka Avenger wears the Burka as a costume to hide her identity like super heroes do. Her use of books and pens as weapons is symbolic on many levels. The Burka Avenger fights for Justice, Peace and Education for all. Burka Avenger is set in the fictional town of Halwapur. It features a superheroine who wears a burka as a super-hero costume to conceal her identity while fighting villains. Jiya is an "inspirational teacher" at an all-girls' school. Burka Avenger fights corrupt politicians and vengeful mercenaries who attempt to shut down girls' schools. She uses "Takht Kabadi", a martial art that involves throwing books and pens and acrobatic moves. Together with children 'Ashu', 'Immu' and 'Mooli', the Burka Avenger fights the evil magician 'Baba Bandook', his henchmen and corrupt politician 'Vadero Pajero'. The Burka Avenger TV series comprises of 13 episodes of 22 minutes each. In addition, many of the episodes contain original songs especially composed for the series by well known Asian superstars including Ali Zafar, Ali Azmat, Josh, Haroon, Adil Omar and many others. 
Burke's Law|1963|Amos Burke was a Los Angeles chief of detectives who was also a millionaire with a chauffeur-driven Rolls Royce, a mansion, and a high-wheeling lifestyle. The hallmarks of this series were glamorous, sophisticated settings, unusual twists on formula homicide plotlines, and big-name guest stars. After a couple of seasons, its format was radically revamped. Burke left the police force and became an agent for US Intelligence. At that point, the show's name changed to "Amos Burke--Secret Agent". Burke's adventures were briefly revived in 1994, under the original title. 
Burn Hollywood Burn|2007|A four-part TV series exploring the lives and tragic deaths of four Welsh personalities who sought fame and fortune in Hollywood. Starlet Peg Entwistle gained notoriety in 1932 by becoming the first person to commit suicide by jumping from the Hollywood sign. BAFTA-winning actress Rachel (This Sporting Life) Roberts overdosed in 1980. Mervyn K. Griffiths, former butler to silent movie queen Mary Pickford, kept a secret diary on the star and, after her death, hawked it around US publishers. And Richard Marquand, director of Return of the Jedi and Jagged Edge, died of a stroke at the age of 49. 
Burn Notice|2007|Michael Westen, a seasoned U.S. spy, is suddenly "burned", i.e. discredited, without any form of procedure. He survives by doing impossible jobs for desperate people in Miami, where his mother lives. Michael is usually aided by his ex-girlfriend Fiona and trusted former FBI informer Sam. Professional spies don't just get fired like regular people. Instead, they get "burned". And when you are burned, you're exposed and left with absolutely nothing to your name. No cash, no credit, no credit score, no job history, and you're stuck in whatever city the agency decides to leave you in. Michael Westen is one such spy. He was burned and decides to take his revenge on the people who burned him. But in order to do so, he decides he cannot do this alone, so he teams up with people from his past. His former partner Sam Axe, an ex-Navy SEAL who used to rat on him to the FBI and more than enjoys a good cocktail or two. And his on again, off again ex-girlfriend Fiona Glenanne, who enjoys explosives and firearms as much as fashion and yogurt. Together, they take on cases that help individuals throughout the city of Miami, while Michael puts together the pieces of the puzzle about the people that burned him. And they will need lots of yogurt and C4 in order to do so. 
Burn|2017|"BURN" is the story of Leon Walsh and his five grown siblings. For decades, their father has ruled the Midwest "80/35 territory" ( Interstate 80 and 35 connect in Des Moines, Iowa, which makes it a very important drug trafficking destination.) He has grown thousands of pounds of marijuana in northern California and shipped it nationally, using his family trucking company. But when the father suddenly dies, the oldest son, Leon, becomes the head of the family. With their father now gone, violent competitors wish to leverage themselves into position to overtake the ever-important "80/35", their growing plantation, and the trucking company. In addition, a dangerous drug Cartel see the fathers death as their opportunity to seize control and gain a larger foothold in the U.S. drug trade. Leon, now in charge, finds himself torn between securing his fathers legacy and providing the life for his family that they have grown accustom to, or selling the business to finally put this dangerous life of crime behind them once and for all. Unfortunately, everywhere he looks, there are reasons to stay in the game just a little bit longer. And now with the clock ticking, and Leon being no stranger to violence, he must decide if he will go to war or throw the family fortune away to stay alive. 
Burn-Up Excess|1997|They're back! Rio, Nanval, Lilica, Maya and Yuji are back on the force and ready to go beyond the call of duty in their greatest adventure yet in this continuation of the Burn Up Warrior series. Project Warrior is the bottom line of defense against crime in the futuristic metropolis of Neo-Tokyo: led by Maki, a calm and cool under pressure police officer, Project Warrior is ready to go where normal law enforcement cannot and will not venture in order to stop criminals dead in their tracks before they get out of hand. But this time, Project Warrior finds itself in a situation that's about to spiral completely beyond even their control when ordinary run-of-the-mill criminals get their hands on high-tech weaponry and devices and begin to go on looting sprees in the quiet urban section of Police-town. While doing some investigating, they discover a conspiracy involving corrupt politicians, illegal international arms sales and a crime syndicate that's being run by a 'presumed dead' cop. No sooner does Maki's team of specialists put out one fire, they soon find themselves contending with another one and just when Warrior thinks they've won, they really haven't. Someone is working behind the scenes to set Warrior up for a really big fall and before the clock runs out, they'll have their hands full trying to solve an eight-year old mystery involving black diamonds and to stop a new breed of unstoppable mecha assassins from hitting the streets of Police-town. For Project Warrior, police work is definitely no day at the beach! 
BurnT Toast|2017|David Ray 40 something, a ladies man with a fat wallet. Lives with his old school pal Shaun Shenk a 40 year old virgin in a Essex flat. Donna day lives next door, a party girl who loves the boys to bits. And is the only one who sees through David's bull. Add to the mix the new weed smoking, pill poppers that just moved in the block and the two dodgy doorman at their local boozer.... 
Burning Desire: The Seduction of Smoking|2014|Peter Taylor, a journalist who has investigated the tobacco industry for 40 years, sniffs out the state of the business today, when cigarettes are becoming less and less accepted but profits continue to increase. However, frank honesty has replaced the blatant denial of the past. 
Burning Flame II|2002|How accurate are our judgments of each other when you only see the person at work? Kei Tak Tin "Peter" (Wong Hei) is a firefighter who became a widower after his wife dies tragically in a car accident and leaves him to raise their young daughter alone. 
Burning Flame III|2009|All personal thoughts have to be put aside under the most extreme work conditions. When the enthusiastic new firefighter Fong Lei On (Bosco Wong) joins the fire station, he begins to experience problems with senior firefighter Cheuk Pak Yue (Kevin Cheng). Lei On mistakenly thinks that Pak Yue has stolen the heart of the fire department clerk, Ko Wai Ying (Myolie Wu), away from their station officer, Chung Yau Shing (Wong Hei). 
Burning Ice|2017|To protect his high-school crush, an average low-level office boy became the primary suspect in a homicide investigation. His ordinary life completely changed as he meets the pressure from both the police and local gang members. At the end, humanity is distorted by the survival instinct. After his wife and daughter disappeared, a former medical examiner spent 10 years searching for any trace of his family. Driven by desperation, he committed serial murder to find answer, even if it was more than he could bear. An irrational, dishonored policeman with a sharp mind was in exile. To return to the force, he must solve an unsolvable puzzle and make the sinners pay for their sins. However, he must find the prove when the truth was staring at him in the eye. Lies were covered up by bigger lies as crimes were hidden in bigger crimes. After darkness fell, the faintest light from human goodness was the only hope. 
Burning Wishes|2015|At its core it's a story of regret, redemption and the peculiarities of male friendships. Seamus Geraghty and his brother Martin are the ne'er-do-wells that every small town in Ireland has. The sort of people who live on the fringes of society, eking out a living while constantly looking over their shoulders, afraid that the numerous mistakes of their past will catch up with them any day. The Geraghty Brothers are the embodiment of the disillusionment that permeates Ireland today - abandoned and uncared for as children, they've survived on their wits alone throughout their direction-less lives. But things can only go so far before someone shouts stop and in his life Seamus has reached that point. With numerous failings in the past the one that rankles most with him is allowing his friend Paudie to take the fall for their shared transgression. And now, through Paudie's death Seamus has been offered the chance to redeem himself and take a stand, even if that means crossing lines and literally getting his hands dirty. In the tradition of comedy duos like Laurel and Hardy or Git Hynes and Bunny Kelly, Seamus and Martin bring genuine warmth and human touch to the dark story. 
Burnout: The Ultimate Drag Race Challenge|2011|Two teams, which consist of students from the Universal Technical Institute in Phoenix, Ariz. will compete during an eight-week challenge to build a drag car to race in the series finale. The winning team will earn scholarships and cash prizes and the losing car gets crushed. 
Burt Luddin's Love Buffet|1999|"Burt Luddin's Love Buffet" was a short-lived rehash of "The Newlywed Game," which attempted to marry the rules from that often-imitated game show with situation comedy elements; the game took place in a Las Vegas-style setting. During the game element, host Luddin asked the couples questions about their love lives and relationships, with correct matches worth points. The couple with the most points after three rounds played a bonus round. In the bonus round, the partners were seated on opposite sides of a wall (inside a cubicle shaped like a heart). Luddin asked 10 questions about each partner's behavior (usually off-beat or bizzare, such as "makes animal sounds in their sleep"); each player held up a pair of underwear boxers for men, panties for the women to answer which one fits that particular behavior. Each match was worth cash, with seven matches earning the couple a vacation. The situation comedy element (acted out between rounds) followed Luddin's fictional off-stage life and encounters with his backstage crew. 
Buru Jenda|1999|The year is 2031, and after being in cold-sleep for twenty-two years, Yuji Kaido wakes up in the middle of a war for human survival against giant insects called the Blue, who have overrun the Earth and have killed almost the entire population. 
Buru doragon|2007|Separated from Shu and the others, Marumaro spends the night at the inn. When Marumaro sees a beautiful woman he thinks is the wife of the innkeeper, he gets frisky causing Saber Tiger to become angry and frustrated. The innkeeper tells Marumaro he has no wife. Marumaro becomes suspicious, but turns his attention to eating delicious food. It is revealed that the beautiful woman is the Shadow of the innkeeper, a shadow wielder who deserted the Grankingdom army. The innkeeper and his shadow suspected that Marumaro was after them and subsequently poisoned his food. Understanding their situation, Marumaro forgives them, but soon the real army appears. The innkeeper learns there is a bounty on Marumaro's head and decides to sell him to the army, but ends up being attacked instead. In spite of all this, Marumaro attempts to save him, dispelling Saber Tiger's suspicions of Marumaro having an ulterior motive. Marumaro and Saber Tiger successfully meet up with the others. Just as Saber Tiger begins to think that Marumaro has changed his flirtatious ways, he sees the way Marumaro throws his arms around Bouquet and understands that nothing much has changed at all. 
Burying Brian|2008|Four ordinary New Zealand women, closely connected by shared history and friendship, meet regularly to drink and talk. One night, the women rail against men in general and husbands in particular. Jodie, leading the charge, goes one step further - to hell with divorce, she wishes Brian were dead. Little does Jodie know that her husband will soon lie stone-cold dead on the kitchen floor. It's an accident, but it looks bad - very bad. Jodie would face the music if it was only herself to consider; but what about the children? She turns to her friends for help and they come through - utilising their various talents to help bury Brian's body and convince the world that he has run off with another woman. As Jodie is about to discover, Brian did have his secrets, which could make it look like she had a motive or two for murder. But she can't worry about that for long, with the arrival of her mother-in-law, and the helpful friend of Brian's who keeps popping in to check on her... 
Bus Stop|1961|The series finale "I Kiss Your Shadow", with Joanne Linville and George Grizzard as guest stars, is a story of a man crushed by the memory of his wife's death in an automobile accident. In his book Danse Macabre, Stephen King nominated this episode as "...the single most frightening story ever done on TV." King wrote that Bus Stop was "...a straight drama show,... The final episode, however, deviated wildly into the supernatural, and for me, Robert Bloch's adaptation of his own short story "I Kiss Your Shadow" has never been beaten on TV - and rarely any where else - for eerie, mounting horror." 
Buscando Buskers|2017|LOOKING FOR BUSKERS is a musical documentary series that shows the lives of virtuoso musicians, lyricists and singers, who produces original work of good quality and freely present themselves in the streets and squares of the cities, gaining with dignity their money through spontaneous donations from passers-by, and also being able to get instant answers from the public's acceptance of their works. Their lyrics and compositions of great quality portray anguishes, joys, opinions and thoughts about the new contemporary world. 
Buscando amor|2003|An unusual and cute Hispanic-Japanese couple is paired for a blind date. He takes her to a Lucha Libre wrestling match, and she gets so involved, that she cannot help jumping on the back of one of the biggest wrestler, while the audience cheered. Later, after dinner at a Mexican restaurant, she decides to serenade him with a song, backed by a Mariachi group. The customers were so surprised by how terrific she could sing, that an encore with cheers for a second song was requested, and more people kept gathering to listen. She was asked to sign autographs like a star by the end of the night. 
Bush Patrol|1996|The two children of parkranger Maggie Dean who live at the base in the Australian "Koondamoornda National park" decide to start "The bush patrol" with a couple of friends in order to help save the bush. The children learn about their Australian heritage and have a lot of fun. 
Bush Pilots|2012|Documentary about rookie pilots in the Okavango Delta of Botswana. Following bush pilots and rookie pilots through their life to become an pilot in Aviation. They have to experience extremely dangerous weather conditions, African lifestyle and they have to be aware of wildlife. 
Bush Tucker Man|1987|Major Les Hiddins of the Australian Army was born in Queensland and was always interested in Aboriginal customs and practices and how those practices helped a people survive in a hostile environment for thousands of years. When he joined the Army he developed this interest into a skill and put it to good use. Learning how to survive in the Australian bush and then to teach others the same skills. He wrote various survival manuals for the Australian Armed forces and added survival notes to the back of maps used by pilots flying over the Australian bush. In this series of programmes Les shares that knowledge with us, teaching us some of his survival skills and his great respect for the Aboriginal people that taught him. 
Bush's BBQ Boot Camp|2017|Now that they know how to grill, Steven Raichlen reveals the grilling alter ego for each of our participants-along with even more grilling tips. They learn how to make Inside-Out Cheeseburgers with Grilled Corn Salsa, Grilled Chicken Breast with Spanish Ham, Cheese, and PimentÛn Butter with Grilled Asparagus Rafts, Grilled Pork Porterhouses with Grilled Chile Rellenos, and Caveman Strip Steaks with Smoky Potato Salad. 
Bush-League|2012|BUSH-LEAGUE is a series based loosely on Annitsa Sprynczynatyk and Jenna Jones, two best friends in L.A. trying to escape their mediocre lives despite their lack of motivation and affinity for distraction. Short version - they suck sometimes. 
Bushcraft|2004|An in depth series researching the origins and practical history of the crafted bush. Ray provides a witty element to his knowledge of the bush and provides an educational insight into the delicate craft of producing bushes. A great watch! Funny, inspiring and clever, yet somewhat disturbing. Overall 3 rectangles *** 
Bushfires: Inside the Inferno|2014|To live in Australia is to experience bushfire. We live in the most fire-prone natural environment on earth. Nowhere else in the world is so regularly ravaged by infernos of the intensity, scale and destructive force of the Australian bushfire. As our population grows and spreads and as the effects of climate change are felt, the danger to loss of life and property escalates. What do we know about bushfires and how can we prevent their devastating consequences? Not surprisingly, Australia is a world leader in fire research and the complex and technologically sophisticated job of fire fighting and prevention. Inside The Inferno takes us into the terrifying heart of major fire events, unfolding the research that explains how fires start, grow and change; and how we predict them, prevent them, fight them and hopefully survive these violent natural disasters. Inside The Inferno uses the most recent bushfire season - from the vast fires in the Blue Mountains last October through to the end of April 2014 - as the spine to unfold our current scientific understanding of bushfires. The audience learn some of the history of fire in Australia and what recent conflagrations tell us about the how fires ignite, evolve and die, and the crucial role that weather plays during a fire event. Inside The Inferno explores not only the devastating mega fires such as Black Saturday in Victoria 2009 and the Canberra fires of 2003, but also major fire-fronts that received little attention. The series does not purely retell the narrative of the fires themselves, but explores how they have provoked the evolution of the science of bushfires and how we can devise strategies to combat them. 
Bushido Battleground|2017|A new adrenaline charged docuseries, with real fights - showcasing elite fighters from around the world in Mixed Martial Arts, Submission Jiu Jitsu, Full Contact Kick Boxing and Muay Thai. Hosted by former NFL safety Tony Parrish and former mixed martial artist Nate Quarry, each episode is a multifaceted sporting event filmed in Thailand, Mexico, Canada and Los Angeles. 
Bushwhacked!|2012|Join mates Brandon Walters (Australia) and ABC3's Kayne Tremills on a wild journey as they trek throughout Australia on some seriously weird and sometimes deadly wildlife missions in this action-packed, adrenalin-pumping adventure series. From chasing down dangerous spiders, killer sharks and venomous snakes, as well as friendly penguins and lovable turtles, the boys are constantly kept on their toes as Brandon sets Kayne amazing missions to complete during each episode. 
Bushwhacked|2006|Meet Justin Cave and Christine Pullara, the Bushwhackers! Every episode, these two will find the most horrible yard a neighborhood has to offer and ambush it with new plants, sod and landscaping. How does it all turn out? You'll have to tune in! A Turner South Original Production. 
Business & Burgers|2016|Each month, Co-Hosts Scott Duffy and Alan Taylor visit a new city and invite the top entrepreneurs, athletes, and entertainers to share a burger and mouthwatering side dishes, as they share lessons they have learned in business. Season 1 guests included noteworthy figures including Brian Smith, Founder of Ugg Boots, Warren Moon, NFL Hall of Fame Quarterback, and Les Stroud, Host of Discovery's Survivorman series. 
Business Boomers|2014|This episode follows the fortunes of the ultimate online retail success story - a business that was born in a garage twenty years ago and grew into a 100 billion pound global giant. Along the way, the Amazon phenomenon has inspired, shaped - and sometimes squeezed - the rest of the retail sector, while revolutionising attitudes to online business and transforming the way people shop. British people now do more of their shopping online than any other nation and in 2013, tens of millions of British customers used Amazon to buy 4.5 billion pounds' worth of goods. The story of the growing use of Amazon is the story of the internet age. Time and again, founder 'Jeff Bezos' (qv) has moved the goalposts for many industries. Publishers, retailers and even the French minister of culture criticise Amazon's practices and bemoan its sheer size, but Amazon defends its record for providing customers with choice and competitive prices. Furthermore, Bezos' confidence in his mantra of 'start with the customer and work backwards' is already taking Amazon into new sectors - groceries, ebooks, film production, and cloud computing services. 
Business Casual Live|2010|Business Casual Live is a series of 6 live comedy shows starring Mark Sipka, Trent Bruce, Andrew Stuart, Tyler Snyder, and Frank Ebels. The group was known for its strange characters, audience involvement, and the use of improvisation in their sketches. Originality was key for Business Casual as they strove to provide audiences with fresh comedy they had never seen before. 
Business Casual|2012|A weekly sketch comedy show created by Mark Sipka and Trent Bruce. Some of Business Casual's most popular sketches include Dad Jokes, 2005 Ford Taurus Commercial, Breaking Up, Nothing Good Happens After Midnight, Drug Intervention Gone Wrong, 1994 Pontiac Sunbird Commercial, and Mark Sipka: Voicemail Expert. 
Business First|2002|Business First is a half-hour uniquely formatted business-to-business television program that explores the fast-paced, ever-changing business world. First Hosted by Congressman Jack Kemp, the former Republican Vice Presidential candidate interviewed business leaders whose decisions greatly impacted the global economy. Business First presented the best-in-class solutions that were taking enterprises into the new millennium. The shows host changed in 2015 to Dan Marino. 
Business Time|2014|"Business Time" is a web series about Gene and Gene. Gene and Gene love business and being businessmen more than anything else in the world. They also enjoy sharing their feelings, looking each other in the eye, and agreeing on things. This is "Business Time". 
Buskers|2017|BUSKERS is a 13-part factual series that showcases street performers from around the world. Through performances and interviews, we explore what it means to be a busker and why these artists choose this lifestyle. Presented in stunning 4K that the director highlights interesting and unique characters, beautiful cities and remarkable landscapes across the globe. Audiences connect to and are inspired by the personal stories of these talented street performers. Fast paced and energetic, the series gives the audience a front row seat to some of the most talented performers the world has to offer. 
Busted on the Job: Caught on Tape|1996|A 'reality-TV' show consisting of office security camera footage showing employees engaging in various crimes or violations of company rules. While shoplifting is the most common activity, the show includes tapes of people vandalizing their workplace, stealing from customers, having sex, and even burning down their offices. 
Buster Keaton: A Hard Act to Follow|1987|In this series, we follow the life of the legendary movie comedy giant from his childhood on the stage to his film career. Along the way, we learn of the works of this genius and his methods in creating them. Furthermore, we see how events drove him to ruin and how they turned around in his later years to allow him to enjoy the acclaim that was his due. 
Busting Loose|1977|Following his graduation from engineering school, 24-year-old slacker Lenny Markowitz moves into his own rundown apartment (his first time away from home), and next door to a gorgeous older redhead (Melody). Ignoring his engineering background, he goes to work at a shoe store owned by Cabell and staffed by jive-talking Raymond. He also finds time to play poker and get into trouble with his childhood pals. 
Busujima Yuriko no Sekirara Nikki|2016|"Busujima Yuriko no Sekirara Nikki" is a late-night drama, starring Atsuko Maeda (former member from AKB48), which is one of the most provocative roles of her career by interpreting Yuriko Busujima a reporter who owns two lovers. She does not trust men because of the betrayal of her father since she was a child, and because of that, she has two boyfriends at the same time. If one is betrayed, she always has another man to trust. 
Busy As Usual: The Web Series|2017|Busy As Usual: The Web Series is a fly on the wall look at what goes on inside a talent agent's office. You will find our Talent Agent convincing potential clients the casting couch doesn't exist; guiding his clients towards self awareness - and sometimes guiding them right off the books. Giving his actors the tools they need to succeed is always the Talent Agent's first priority, however in the hands of an overzealous actor or a client with the self awareness of a clog, these tools don't always lead to the results the Talent Agent was hoping for. 
Busytown Mysteries (Hurray for Huckle!)|2007|When newspapers, then cardboard boxes, then plastic pails disappear from porches and sidewalks, Huckle, Sally and Lowly set out to figure out what the connection is.Huckle, Lowly and Sally happen upon a huge tooth and can't imagine anyone in all of Busytown big enough to own it. 
BusÙ renkin|2006|Caught in the explosion created by Hiwatari, Tokiko and Gota stray from Kazuki. Meanwhile, the search and destroy team locates Victor and launches a full-scale attack. But the ability of Victor's Buso Renkin to control gravity proves too powerful. 
Butch Cassidy|1973|Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kids is the name of a world-famous rock band that travels all over the world performing concerts and recording hits. In actuality, Butch, Steffy, Harvey, Merilee and their dog Elvis are teenage agents for the American government who ferret out crime and corruption when not onstage jamming. 
Butt-Ugly Martians|2001|The plot of the series begins when the Butt-Ugly Martians (B.U.M.) are forced to invade planets for the evil Emperor Bog, but when they are sent to Earth they become addicted to American culture. Deciding not to hurt Earth, they simply pretend to be occupying the planet for Bog. They are shown around by their Earthling friends: Mike, Cedric, and Angela. The Butt-Ugly Martians continue to hang out on Earth as long as Emperor Bog never finds out. 
Butterfingers|2004|Butterfingers is a comedy drama series for 6-11 year-olds, which tells the story of what happens when Brian suddenly takes possession of a pair of goalkeeping gloves that are quite literally magic. Brian is an 11-year-old boy who is the worst goalkeeper in the world, playing for the worst mixed school team in the country. When he tries on the gloves in the first episode however, strange things start to happen. Not only does he start to make saves, as the gloves drag him all over the goalmouth, but later he discovers that they are capable of much, much more. Thus, through the following six episodes, we see a mix of football action, various magical adventures involving the gloves and the unfolding personal stories of Brian, his sister Rachel, their coach Harry, and several other members of the team. The gloves lead Brian into a whole range of unusual situations in which he demonstrates skills and abilities way beyond his age and experience. He cooks an entire Chinese Banquet, on his own at high speed, he drives a rally car better than any stunt driver, he turns into an expert with a sewing machine, he juggles and makes balloon animals, rebuilds a van engine, and has medical adventures, dressed as a nurse, in the hospital where his mother works. This is all set against the rising morale of the team as they stop loosing games, manage some draws, and even, in the last game of the series, score a goal and win a game through their own efforts. 
Butterflies|1978|Ria, a happily married suburban housewife, reaches the age where she feels as if life is passing her by. Being taken for granted by her butterfly collecting dentist husband doesn't help. So, when the opportunity for an affair comes up she tries to decide whether she loves her husband enough to be faithful to him. 
Butterfly|1995|While shooting a movie in Brazil, Francesca, an actress, decides to finally sort out a dark chapter of her youth, and to visit her sister Paola in Rio de Janeiro with whom she has been out of touch for more than twenty years. That was when their parents separated, obliging the two children to follow suit. The two sisters are rather distant with one another at first, but gradually grow closer, and Francesca finds out more about her father's suicide: he had apparently been abandoned by his mistress of many years just beforehand. The intimate relationship between Francesca and Paola is only of short duration, however: when Francesca accompanies Paolo to a party held by her boyfriend Massimo, she and the good looking young man instantly feel a powerful sexual attraction. Paola suddenly starts a fierce quarrel in public. A short while later someone makes an attempt on Francesca's life, and the two sisters then have a reconciliatory talk. The very next morning, however, Paola is found dead. Inspector Troyberg, a friend of Paola's, takes over the murder investigation. At her sister's graveside Francesca meets Greta, her father's former mistress, who tells her that Paola was schizophrenic, and had undergone psychiatric treatment for a considerable length of time. She had been incurably in love with her father, and had killed him in a moment of intense jealousy, before faking his apparent suicide. Before Francesca can find out any more, Greta is murdered. Francesca then discovers that her sister had been leading a double life as a prostitute named 'Butterfly'. Francesca finds a video cassette of Butterfly at the apartment of Massimo, with whom she is now deeply in love, and now suspects him. In despair she runs off to see Troyberg, but the police inspector suddenly appears to be totally crazy: he announces to her that it was he and Paola who killed all the others. The inspector had been an ardent admirer of Paola, but when he discovered that she was expecting a baby he couldn't match that with the image he had of her as the prostitute 'Butterfly' he loved so much... After making this confession, Troyberg attacks Francesca but she manages to overpower the madman with her last remaining strength. The nightmare is finally over: overjoyed, Francesca puts her arms around Massimo, who will help her get over all the terrible events. 
Butternut Square|1964|Butternut Square was a Canadian children's television series which aired on CBC Television between October 19, 1964 and February 10, 1967. The cast featured Ernie Coombs as Mr. Dressup, who would follow with his own landmark television series. 
Buttobi CPU|1997|When a 21 year old computer geek, Akira finally saves enough money to buy a computer, a model 9821, he rushes to the store to find it sold out in five minutes! On his way home, a man tries to sell him the same PC he just tried to buy... or does he? He finds it isn't quite a personal computer. Instead of a 9821, the man on the street sold him a model 2198. In a nutshell, the 2198 model is a new super advanced "bio-type" girl shaped computer named Mimi. She needs constant memory upgrades, which come in the form of Akira's "active molecules," out of his "installer." Yup, life is good, considering Akira's new computer follows him to school, all the while being attacked by other bio-type computers. Oh well, better start on more of those memory upgrades Akira! Akira Takaoka has been saving money for the past three years to buy his own computer. As soon as the latest computer model, a 9821 PC, is on sale, he rushes to the store to buy it... only to arrive too late, with all the 9821s sold out. On his way home, he meets a shady vendor in an alley who offers him a 9821 and he delightedly makes the purchase and goes home. To his surprise, he finds he got a 2198 computer model: a super-advanced biomechanical robot. What's more, it's in the form of a pretty young girl named Mimi who falls in love with Akira and will fulfill his every wish and command. There's just one soon-to-be-frustrating issue, however: to keep operating, she needs a sample of his semen which will maintain her memory circuits. Thus begins a beautiful if strange relationship. 
Button Moon|1980|Mr and Mrs Spoon live on Junk Planet with their daughter Tina Teaspoon. Mrs Spoon gives her husband a present - a spaceship. In each edition of the show Mr Spoon takes off in his spaceship and flies across Blanket Sky towards Button Moon. Along the way he usually sees some kind of activity such as the stars playing a game, flocks of banana birds or umbrella storm clouds. Upon reaching his destination Mr Spoon meets with some of the inhabitants of Button Moon such as the Bottle Army and follows what they are doing. Mr Spoon then looks through his telescope and watches a story unfold on another planet before heading for home. Mrs Spoon, Tina and her friend Eggbert begin to join Mr Spoon on his trips as the series progresses. 
Buurtwag|2015|Die Buurtwag (The Neighborhood Watch) is the story of a young married couple who, because of their fear of crime in Gauteng, sacrifices their salaries and moves to a Cape Town suburb. The Cape, however, turns out to be a cruel mountain mistress. After three months in their new home they still haven't made any friends and to make matters worse, they lose everything they own when their house is burgled while they're out camping for a long weekend. This kicks off a chain of events that introduces them to their local neighborhood watch- a motley mob of misfits who use the excuse of neighborhood safety to patrol the streets at night looking for whatever excitement the suburbs have to offer. Set against the backdrop of post-recession South Africa, Die Buurtwag is the story of strangers becoming a community, and with a society that seems to be getting stranger by the day, learning that survival is a team sport and that places aren't safe, but people just might be. 
Buy This Restaurant|2014|Seasoned restaurant broker Keith Simpson is on a mission to help first-time restaurant buyers realize their dreams. In each episode, Keith travels to a new city to show an eager set of buyers three restaurant options to fit what they're looking for. While showing them everything from pizza joints to fine dining to empty shells ready for a makeover, Keith coaches the buyers through the process, giving them tips and insider info to help them make the best decision for their new business. These buyers are risking their savings and their careers as they take this giant leap, but with Keith as their guide, they can't go wrong. 
Buy.o.logic|2012|In the new original series, Buy.o.logic, host Isla Traquair goes under the microscope and formulates a prescription for a better and healthier you. Her goal is to find the best products for viewers and their families based on performance, ingredients and price. Each episode of Buy.o.logic spans the health horizon to showcase multiple segments including: A & K-Approved, where Anna Wallner and Kristina Matisic, best known from "The Shopping Bags", tell us which products make their busy lives healthier and easier. Isla Asks, answers all those embarrassing questions you don't want to ask with Buy.o.logic's medical expert Dr. Dave Hepburn. Buy.agnosis, where Isla goes to the medical pros to get to the bottom of common complaints and how to beat them. Then Isla, tests the products that will help the most with what ails you. Flash Mob Testers giving audiences different opinions from everyday people on products and lets the viewer know which of the products tested the mob likes the best. Inside Isla, is when Isla personally experiences medical testing. 
Buying Alaska|2012|Buying Alaska proves that forgoing basic amenities is a reasonable tradeoff when it comes to breathtaking views and stunning wild surroundings that you can't find anywhere in the lower 48 states. Offering much more than living quarters, these properties are so in tune with the extraordinary landscape that it's often what's beyond the house that proves to be the main attraction, from the ability to hunt and fish from your back deck, to extreme seclusion on your own private island, to self-sustaining features such as smokehouses and greenhouses. However, there are also dangers that come with all the beauty, and living in this rugged and remote terrain can lead to animal attacks and brutal winters that cut you off from society. 
Buying Hawaii|2013|Martin and Connie came to the small island of Kauai from Los Angeles. Adjusting hasn't been easy though. Between the constant rain, sea creatures, and wild boars, life out here is rustic. But Martin and Connie are here to stay and want the perfect home. 
Buying Naked|2013|Jackie brings together the players in real estate and the nudists of the community for a mixer. And, the team's newest recruit, Alex, is put to the test when she enters her first nudist community, and has to prove she's got what it takes to sell a home. 
Buying RVs|2013|Anthony is a NYC fire fighter who is taking his wife and seven children for a year-long vacation to see the country. Can he find an RV that is big enough to keep them sane, enjoy their vacation and accommodate a homeschooling class of seven? 
Buying and Selling|2012|BUYING & SELLING WITH THE PROPERTY BROTHERS, the all-new realty series where Jonathan and Drew help homeowners take their next step up the property ladder. Featuring two pivotal real estate moments, double the stress, and twice the manpower, first Jon renovates the family's home for a successful sale, while Drew hunts down the best options for the family's next property and oversees the selling and buying. 
Buying the Bayou|2013|Josh and Tiffany Chambless grew up living the bayou lifestyle and spending any spare moment exploring the swamps on their ATVs. Now, they have a one-year-old daughter, Chloe, and they're looking for a place that's good for the baby and for four-wheeling. 
Buying the Beach|2014|"Buying the Beach" looks at spectacular seaside properties in the U.S., showcasing unique homes where potential buyers can settle into the sand and soak up the sun mere steps from the backyard. House hunters in each episode tour three properties before choosing the one that makes them happy as a clam. 
Buzz Hunters|2009|Each month, the Buzz Hunters and their nationwide, underground army of intrepid Buzz Hunter reporters, will hit the streets of Hollywood, New York and Anywhere Else, USA, pursuing the most buzz-worthy ABC entertainment intelligence in a fresh, fun, and completely original format. 
Buzz Lightyear of Star Command|2000|The further (animated) adventures of Buzz Lightyear of "Toy Story" and "Toy Story 2." Buzz, along with fellow Star Command Rangers Mira Nova, Booster, and XR, fight to keep the universe safe from the evil clutches of Emperor Zurg and his henchman, Warp Darkmatter. 
Buzz of the Week|2011|BUZZ OF THE WEEK is a one-stop shop for all that you wanted to know about the Friday release . A twelve minute anchor based, weekly show.The making of the film, the gossip, the tantrums, the delays, there views, views, the previews, We pack it all in this 12 minute capsule. 
Buzz: AT&T Original Documentaries|2007|After a series of attempts to develop businesses outside of phone service AT&T fails once again. As an employee of the 1990s by AT&T we learned that our stock became worthless every time they left the business they started, charging people for phones each month until the day you die. 
Buzzkill|1996|Before they had "Jackass" or "The Tom Green Show" MTV had the reality series "Buzzkill" which featured three slacker buddies staging elaborate pranks and catching it all on tape with the help of special hidden cameras. Such pranks included fake auditions, fake fashion shows and photo shoots, one member of the series even got away with successfully impersonating fashion designer Isaac Mizrahi at a gala event and even super-star Whitney Houston was fooled (Ms. Houston was not happy when she learned it was a hoax). 
Buzzsaw with Sean Stone|2016|As the dull roar of mainstream media lulls the masses into mindless complacency, a Buzzsaw cuts through the din of the mainstream narrative to explore hidden truths and reawaken the planet. Join Sean Stone as he takes an unflinching look into the hidden agendas behind world politics, popular culture and news events. 
Buz‚ bÓto: Gakeppuchi no hÓrÙ|2009|Fate brings together Shirakawa Riko and Kamiya Naoki-but fate is fickle.While Riko is an aspiring violinist,and Naoki a hopeful pro-basketball player, both strive to achieve their dreams whilst struggling through a web of betrayal to find true love. 
BuÒuel en MÈxico|2001|In offering the possibility for exile to the Spanish film maker Luis BuÒuel, Mexico welcomed not only a distinguished guest but also an artist who contributed to the transformation of Mexican cinema. This program presents the experiences and creations that this important film maker gave and at the same time received from Mexico, his adopted homeland. 
By Any Means|2013|Having seen crooked businessman Nicholas Mason acquitted of a factory robbery and murder of employee Anthony Cummings, due to a legal loop-hole, enigmatic Helen Barlow calls in Jack Quinn, leader of a trio of maverick crime-busters along with locks expert Jessica Jones and computer wizard Thomas Tomkins to bring Mason down. Raymond Nash, who testified against Mason, is in a safe house and Helen believes one of two policemen is on Mason's payroll. Jack targets ex-cop Charlie O'Brien who apparently contacted armed robber Michael Craig to work on Mason's next hit whilst the team learn that Mason is seeing psychiatrist Paul Hollander for anger management. They trade on this by leading Mason to believe that his much younger wife Karen is having an affair with Nash and rely on Mason's vengeful temperament setting out to kill Nash, as well as introducing their own armed robber into Mason's next heist. 
By George|2013|By George, come see the world in new exciting ways! Did you know there's over 200 free parks and family-friendly events in Central Virginia? Come along with George and his friends as they hit the swings. You'll learn which are the best for play grounds, hiking, nature-watching, rappelling, riding bikes, and more - including the hidden gems some parks hold! By George will also give tips and fun things to do on days inside and will feature an "I'm Not Afraid" segment that will empower you in what may typically be scary situations/places. Join the fun as we explore new places through the eyes of a fearless toddler. 
By Night|2016|In the grand tradition of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents "and Rod Serling's "Twilight Zone", BY NIGHT is a mystery/thriller anthology series for a modern generation. Each short episode journeys into the unknown with tales of the paranormal and horrors of the human condition revealing that everything has a dark side. 
By Way of the Stars|1992|Spring, 1865. The last spring in the childhood of Lukas Bienmann. Nothing forebodes the calamities about to befall the 13-year-old boy and his family in the peaceful town of Liebenberg, Prussia. Nature awakens to new life, and Lukas is happy, for his mother is about to give birth to her second child, and Lukas' grandfather, Brunneck, is coming from Canada for the event. Brunneck, however, brings only discord to the family. Though Lukas is excited by his grandfather's plans to take the family back with him to Canada, his father Karl will hear none of this. Tempers flare and Lukas' mother, deeply troubled and frightened, goes into early labor - and dies. Brunneck blames Karl, and demands to take Lukas with him. Bewildered, Lukas flees into the night. Lukas accidentally witnesses an altercation between a local nobleman, Count Otto von Lebrecht, and a gambling partner to whom he owes money. When Otto kills the man in a rage, Lukas tries to flee, but is caught by the murderer. Otto threatens to kill him and his father should he ever talk... Otto, who has stolen some valuable jewels, lays the blame on Lukas' father Karl. Fearful of Otto's threats, Lukas is unable to defend his father, even though he knows that Otto committed the theft. After Karl is sent to jail, Lukas is taken into the home of the benevolent Baron von Knabig. The Baron places the boy in the custody of his wife's brother - who turns out to be none other than Otto von Lebrecht! Though Lukas' future looks bleak, he soon wins the confidence of the Baron and his wife: one day, Al-Jamil, the magnificent stallion the Baron has bought for his daughter Ursula, is whipped into a panic by Count Otto. Lukas leaps into the paddock to calm the animal and prevent it from injuring anyone. Impressed, the Baron entrusts Al-Jamil to the boy's care. Though Ursula, fifteen, is not allowed to ride Al-Jamil yet, she disobeys her father and is nearly trampled by the frisky stallion. Lukas rescues her, and is rewarded by being allowed to visit his father in prison. Otto, however, foils the meeting, just as he has been preventing the Baroness' letters from reaching Brunneck in Canada, ensuring that the boy's grandfather cannot come to his aid. Unable to pawn the stolen jewels, Otto plots to kidnap and sell Al-Jamil, and to dispose of Lukas in the process. Otto puts a wrench in his own plans, however, for he causes an accident in which the horse is seriously injured. The Baron wants to have the horse killed, but Lukas begs him to let him nurse Al-Jamil to health. Ursula, won over by Lukas' energetic nature, finally brings her father to yield. Al-Jamil's recovery helps seal Lukas' friendship with Ursula. As Otto's threats become more menacing, Lukas plans a daring escape for himself and his father. To this effect, he enlists the help of an old peddlar and trusted friend, Nathan. Though they succeed in freeing Karl from prison, the operation runs into a snag when Otto's henchmen capture Lukas. While Karl heads off to America alone, Lukas frees himself and gallops to Danzig on Al-Jamil. He sneaks onto a ship headed for America, hoping to find his father there. Little does he know who else is on board: Ursula, the Baroness - and Count Otto. Lukas is discovered and faces punishment as a stowaway. Sensing that the boy is troubled, the Baroness takes him aside. Lukas pours out his heart and reveals the truth about Otto... Determined to clear Karl's name and save Lukas from punishment, the Baroness confronts Otto, who confesses. Before she can bring the truth to light, however, tragedy strikes: smallpox breaks out among the passengers, and she succumbs to the disease while caring for the sick. Meanwhile, Karl arrives in the American South, where he is hired by a northern lumber company to take a shipment of wood north. He and his companions Virgil and six-year-old Tomorrow, ex-slaves, are being followed by Tully, a Southerner bent on destroying the lumber dealer. One night, Tully sets fire to the depot where Karl and the others are sleeping. A fight ensues, and Tully is engulfed by the flames. Karl tries to save Tomorrow, but is too late: the boy dies in his arms. Shattered by her mother's death, Ursula resolves to help Lukas now that she knows about her uncle's murderous past. As the ship anchors in New York, the children violate the quarantine and jump ship, with Otto fast behind them. They elude Otto, but fall into the hands of two con men, who take them to Lower Canada, where they plan to ransom Ursula and kill Lukas. But Lukas discovers their plan, frees Ursula, and they escape down river in a canoe. Their troubles are far from over, however, for the quiet, tranquil river soon gives way to churning, foaming rapids. The children lose control of the canoe, which overturns, submerging them. Lukas dives after Ursula, pulls her to the surface, and drags her to the shore. Exhausted after their ordeal, the youngsters now find themselves alone on land best avoided by white people: Indian territory. Lost in the wilderness, Lukas and Ursula decide to head for Brunneck's house in Niagara. But disaster strikes again when a bear attacks and mauls Lukas. Ursula's screams alert some nearby Indians, who shoot the bear as it is about to kill Lukas. The children are taken to the Indians' camp, where Lukas comes under the care of a medicine man. Karl makes it to Niagara, where he begs his father-in-law to send for Lukas. Brunneck agrees, however, only on the condition that he be given responsibility for Lukas' upbringing. With his son's well-being at heart, Karl accepts Brunneck's terms and leaves. But when Brunneck learns the children's whereabouts and Lukas arrives in Niagara, Brunneck tells him that his father has left him in his care, implying that Karl no longer wants him... Thunderstruck, Lukas turns his back on Brunneck. He and Ursula set out by rail for the West. The train nearly turns into a death trap, however, when they run into Otto. With their lives at stake, they jump from the train and continue their journey on foot. The weary pair is picked up by a wagon train, and befriended by Renauld and FranÁoise Broissard. Ursula, meanwhile, catches the eye of a good-looking railroad surveyor named Ben. Lukas and Ursula soon realize how dangerous pioneer life can be when a messenger warns them of approaching hostile Sioux warriors. Fearing the worst, FranÁoise sends a message to Brunneck. Lukas believes that he can talk sense into the Indians and, disobeying Ben's orders, impulsively sets off on horseback to find them. Ben catches Lukas and berates him, but their argument comes to a sudden end when the Sioux appear on a nearby ridge... Blood-curdling cries announce the Sioux' charge. When Ben is injured, Lukas grabs his fallen comrade's weapon and joins actively in the skirmish. His enthusiasm for the battle vanishes, however, when he suddenly faces a knife-wielding Sioux youth and kills the boy in self-defense. The settlers manage to drive away the Indians, but Lukas cannot overcome the shock of having taken a person's life. Brunneck, who has gotten FranÁoise's message, swallows his pride and asks Karl to go look for the children with him. A short time later, Baron von Knabig also arrives in Niagara and sets out for Fort Garry as well. At Fort Garry, Lukas is moved by the plight of a pregnant young Cree woman, White Feather, who is being mistreated by her white husband Sam. Unable to take the life-threatening abuse of the young woman any longer, Lukas decides to smuggle her out of the fort and back to her tribe. Though Ursula tries to talk him out of it, nothing can deter him. The escape goes like clockwork. But just before the pair can reach the Cree camp, the girl goes into labor, giving birth to a baby boy. Suddenly, Sam appears, filled with a murderous desire for revenge. Fortunately, a Cree hunting party disarms him. Though White Feather is saved, Lukas makes an unpleasant discovery: the Cree are accompanied by two Sioux warriors who attacked the wagon train - and who also recognize Lukas... Lukas is brought to the Cree camp, where the Sioux demand his life. But the Cree Chief, grateful to the boy for having saved White Feather, gives Lukas a pony and orders Black Hawk to escort him to Fort Garry. On the way, Black Hawk forces Lukas into a perilous race. But when the boy holds his own, a bond begins to develop between the two - a bond which is cemented when Lukas saves his companion's life in an Indian attack. Brunneck and Karl have been robbed by a trapper and abandoned in the wilderness. When a wildfire breaks out, the two men finally reconcile their differences and fight to save their lives. Close to exhaustion, they are saved by none other than Baron von Knabig and a wagon train headed for Fort Garry. The Baron is reunited with Ursula, but his companions set off with Black Hawk, who was forced to leave his friend Lukas behind in the Indian attack. Count Otto is also out West. He has taken on the identity of Clayton Pyle, who was on his way to claim half a gold mine he inherited with an aunt he never met. The injured Lukas comes across the prospector Annie Pyle, who takes him to her gold mine. Lukas' blood freezes when he meets "Clayton". Otto shoots, causing a cave-in, from which they barely manage to escape. Undaunted, Otto again goes after Lukas and tries to drown him, but just before he can do so, Black Hawk comes galloping to the rescue and kills him. Ursula, who is in love with Ben, is afraid that her father will take her back to Prussia. But the Baron, much to her surprise, agrees to cancel the marriage he had planned for her and gives the couple his blessing. Karl and Brunneck are overwhelmed with joy when they spot Lukas approaching with Black Hawk. After so many trials and tribulations, the family is finally reunited once again. 
By the Book|2012|'By the Book' follows a Buffalo Police organized crime task force as it takes down a dangerous crime family led by Big Sal. After 18 months of building their case, Sgt. PJ Rafferty (Andre Colon) is ready to lead his men (and women) into a raid to capture him. What they didn't expect was for Big Sal to come home late. Now they are stuck on a stakeout of epic boredness as they lay in wait. Rafferty is tasked with keeping his crimebusters Callahan (Will Mutka) and Grayden (Juston Graber) and his fierce femme fatales Ives (Angel Izard) and Hanna (Arlynn Knauff) alert, on point... and sober. 
By the Rapids|2008|BY THE RAPIDS is a primetime-animated comedy that takes a satirical look at what happens when a thoroughly urban and pampered family relocates from Toronto to the rural Aboriginal community where the successful lawyer parents were born and raised. Despite the parents' roots in By The Rapids, the family has still found it tough to reintegrate themselves back into the community without sticking out like sore thumbs. With the help of Grandma Hazel, Cousin Karen, Uncle Regis and Karen's boyfriend Derek, their adjustments to life in the community of By The Rapids will be a bit smoother - or so they think. Without lattes, pilates or a decent internet connection, the urbane Littlehorns find plenty wrong with By The Rapids but are hell bent on bringing some of their cosmopolitan sophistication to the community. 
By the Sword Divided|1983|Story of the English Civil War as seen through the eyes of two families; the Laceys, loyal to King Charles I, and the Fletchers, loyal to Oliver Cromwell. 
Bydysten|1995|Huge live show in which the inhabitants of various towns, competed against each other for fame, fortune and a spot in the national finals. Competitions ranged from the towns trying to gather certain amounts of specific items in time, to having their local national guard looking for clues in the woods or their emergency units and divers searching for hidden treasures in the harbour. All the events in the two towns, with one reporting co-host in each, were linked together with the studio and the two main hosts, into one huge all-night gameshow. 
Bye Felicia|2014|Women who are in dire need of direction and assistance becoming who they are truly deep inside. Missy transforms their physical looks while Deborah helps them search inside for their inner beauty. Sometimes even against their will, heck they don't even know they need it! Say hello to your new self and goodbye to the old. Bye Felicia! 
Byeoleul ssoda|2002|Film star Jeon Do-Yeon (Untold Scandal, Lovers in Prague) stars as So-Ra, a hot-tempered 29 year-old woman who has no job or academic pedigree. So-Ra's life changes when she meets Sung-Tae (Jo In-Sung, Spring Days, Something Happened in Bali), an illiterate orphan on an impossible quest to become a movie star. Sung-Tae impresses So-Ra's brother Ba-Dah (Park Sang-Myun, All In), a compassionate talent manager who is head over heals in love with the deceptively innocent Yae-Rin (Hong Eun-Hee, My Love Patzzi). Yae-Rin will do anything to advance her acting career, and the overly ambitious Do-Hun (Lee Seo-Jin, Damo, Phoenix) is there to help. YA Entertainment is proud to present this heart-warming and universally appealing 16-episode Korean TV drama that will have you wanting to Shoot for the Stars! 
Byeoljubu hero|2001|This story is loosely based on the traditional Korean story of the Turtle and the Rabbit. In that story, the sea king is dying and it is determined that only by eating a rabbit's liver will he survive. The turtle is sent to trick the rabbit into accompanying him to his undersea kingdom where the rabbit must use his wits to survive. Well, needless to say, there is no threat to the rabbit's liver in this cutesy-fied version that is targeted at a very young audience. Here the undersea kingdom is threatened by a band of evil, but rarely frightening, sharks. 
Byeoreul Ttada Jwo|2010|The drama draws a love story between two co-workers at an insurance company, with Kim Ji Hoon playing the company's whip-smart lawyer. Because he carries the hurt of having been abandoned by his birth mother, he doesn't easily open his heart to others. Jin Pal Kang (Choi Jung Won) is a 25-year-old employee of the company who becomes responsible for her five younger adopted siblings after her parents meet with sudden deaths. 
Byker Grove|1989|Karen is sacked from the salon. Later that night she breaks in and sets the salon ablaze. Ollie is an outcast at the Grove but gets an e.mail from Trooper John who turns out to be Emma, a girl with a crush on Ollie. Emma is blamed for a computer virus and banned from the Grove. 
Byla tebe lyubimaya|2011|Pavel Gromov is the first mate on a Russian scientific ship. Pavel"s pregnant girlfriend Lena is sailing with him. The young people plan to get married after the expedition. It turns out that Pavel's friend Gleb who is a chief engineer on the same ship has been hopelessly in love with Lena. During the expedition Somalian pirates attack the ship. Gleb decides to take a chance and get rid off his rival. He shoots Pavel in his back and throws his body overboard... Mourning Pavel Lena has to fix up her life and the life of her yet unborn child. Gleb proposes to Lena who says yes reluctantly. A year later we find out that Pavel who was captivated by the pirates survived by a happy chance and came back to his motherland... 
Byline|1988|Singer/songwriter Kirsty MacColl voices her concerns about water pollution in Britain and especially the standards of drinking water. She traces the route of her water supply back to its source the River Thames, and at Morecambe learns of the risks for children playing on the sea shore, radioactivity in the water, and also the potential for reed beds helping with a clean water supply. 
Byomkesh Bakshi|1993|In agnivaan, a family witnesses mysterious death and no method of murder is found. Unless there is a confirmation on the method of kills motive cannot be deduced clearly. Byomkesh with his friend Ajit uncover the motive and solve this intriguing mystery. The professor, his wife and his kids are in the middle of the killing spree. 
Bystander Revolution|2014|What are the universal warning signs in every student who commits a mass shooting? What simple actions stopped people who considered committing acts of violence? Insights from the leading expert on the prediction and management of violence. 
Byte Me|2018|For aspiring journalist Emily Robinson, life has not gone exactly as planned. Her career is stagnant, her income virtually nonexistent, and her dating life disastrous. So, when the opportunity arises for her to take a position as a dating and relationship columnist at a local magazine, she takes it-despite the fact that she has absolutely no interest in being a dating and relationship writer and taking the job means working with a man she despises. As it turns out, however, both the job and the man are infinitely more interesting than expected. 
Byutipul Maindeu|2016|The Story of Genius Neurosurgeon (Lee Young Oh) with an impeccable skills and abilities, but is Incapable of having any feeling and sympathy for his patients , due to an injury in frontal lobe . When a series of unusual deaths occur at the hospital , Detective (Gye Jin-Sung ) starts investigation around Young Oh , who fall in love with her. The series in based on Mary Shelley's Novel "Frankenstein". 
Byvshaya zhena|2013|The squad becomes a victim of imposters, who seize goods from men who owe their wives alimony using violence if necessary. Yet, the imposters give the stolen property to the wives, so their motive is unclear. Tension rises as the squad tries to find the person in their unit who is leaking information. Meanwhile, Danila celebrates his birthday, and Melnik invites her ex-husband to the party. 
B‚tend‚|2006|Situated in the Ginza district of Tokyo is the Eden Hall, a quiet bar that few people manage to come across. It is run by the legendary bartender Ryu Sasakura, a genius at mixing the right drink for the right customer. Throughout his period at Eden Hall, customers from all walks of life, carrying all sorts of burdens, arrive for a godly glass at the Hall and a kind word with Ryu, both of which assist in clearing their problems up and reviving them for another go at life. 
BÈliveau|2017|Symbole de rÈussite, le gentleman du hockey, vedette, homme d'affaires, mari et pËre de famille Ètait admirÈ et respectÈ de tous. Constamment sous pression, cette lÈgende du hockey dotÈe d'une force de caractËre hors du commun a su se relever de nombreuses blessures. Entre 1950 et 1971, la sÈrie revisite les moments charniËres de la carriËre de ce hÈros national natif de Victoriaville : ses dÈbuts ‡ QuÈbec avec les Citadelles puis avec les As de QuÈbec, son rÙle de capitaine des Canadiens de MontrÈal et ses dix coupes Stanley. ConsidÈrÈ comme l'un des plus grands joueurs de hockey de l'Èpoque, les jeunes cherchaient ‡ l'imiter sur la glace alors que les plus vieux y voyaient un modËle de loyautÈ, de droiture et de rÈsilience duquel s'inspirer. 
BÓto ekkusu|1996|The story follows Teppei, a Caretaker of a farm located in Kamui Island. He visits His genius brother who studies Robotics in Germany only to see him get abducted by a group of half human half machine beings. Using a powerful weapon he calls the meisei fist. He attempts to hunt them down and rescue his brother. 
BÛthar go dtÌ an White House|2009|Charting the history of Irish-American politicians from the 1800's up to John F. Kennedy's election as the first, and only, Catholic president of the United States. The series, filmed in both Ireland and America, follows the rise of Irish-American political machines in cities like New York, Boston, Kansas City and Chicago. The six-part series uses dramatic reconstructions combined with contributions from award winning authors such as Robert Caro and Jack Beatty to tell the story of six unique and powerful Irish-American Politicians whose ancestors all came to America as impoverished Irish immigrants. The Irish were the first immigrant group in the US who seized upon politics as a means of making a living and they left an indelible mark on the American political landscape which stills resonates today. 
BÙnen no zamudo|2008|The flying humaform attacks the 'Zanbani' and Raigyo leaves Akiyuki to deal with it. Nakiami leaves the ship although Captain Ishu told her there was nothing to worry about. Nakiami convinces Akiyuki not to kill the humaform, but place a Ututu seed under its skin. He does but the humaform explodes. This is Nakiami's "dissasembling" but it didn't go as planned. She believes if she continues to study she could get a Ututu seed that would return a humaform to its original form and cure it. The Zanbani is not out of danger yet. There are more Northern ships. They attack with more humaforms. While smaller ones invade the ship, Akiyuki and Raigyo in Xam'd form fight off the flying ones. The ship is damaged and starts going down. Inside the ship, Ishu is destroying humaforms. Nakiami tries to make her stop, but the captain doesn't listen. Nakiami can hear the humaforms and their pain and it hurts her inside. The boy on the ship disappears and his mother looks for him. As a last resort the children hide in Madame Tenshin's room, deep in the ship. Nakiami gives them something that will protect them before she and the captain argue. Later, Ishu finds the humaform user controlling them. It is a young girl and she wants the two Xam'd. What will the captain do with her and what will happen to the failing ship? On the island as Haru joins the soldiers in the barracks, she asks the commander to watch over Midori. 
Bˆr¸|2017|Turkey in the spring of 2014. A time when the enemies are growing on the border, the circle of danger inside is becoming narrower. The Republic of Turkey faces the greatest threats of recent history. B÷R‹ tells the story of heroic heroes who are touched by love. They are the last castle. 
Bˆyle mi olacakti|1997|The life story of three faithful schoolmates: Pervin, Gul and Ayse. As going through the struggles of life, they always back up each other. They are the three aces of a volleyball team, too. After being graduated, every year they meet at Naci Baba's (Father Naci) cafÈ for their anniversary. Each of them had their own life, they got married with short intervals. One has become a physician, the other one a famous artist and the other dropped out from school. The serial dealing with the stormy life story of these friends covers love, passion, hatred and friendship. It is a legendary story of three close friends who take the power from their solidarity and love enabling them to struggle with hope and disappointment. Briefly, it is the story of life itself. 
B˚gÓpoppu fantomu: B˚gÓpoppu wa warawanai|2000|A light in the sky, followed by a strange aura and grisly murders. Each character tells their own connection to the event and to a similar murder spree 5 years ago. All of the different stories are slowly tied together by seemingly minute similarities and the story of Boogiepop is unraveled. 
B¸y¸k S¸rg¸n Kafkasya|2015|Firat Sunel's the "Shadow of the Willow Bunch" and G¸rsel Balci's "Border Secrets" is loosely adapted from the novel Great Banishment the Caucasus, Stalin's orders in 1944, which tells the tragic story of the deported Meskhetian Turks. Thousands of people exiled from the land where they live, unattended, tells the heartbreaking story of a forgotten people. 
C B Bears|1977|Saturday morning cartoon show that featured six recurring segments. "The CB Bears" segment follows Hustle, Boogie and Bump, three anthropomorphic bear detectives posing as garbagemen, who solve mysteries. The Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner-esque "Blast-Off Buzzard" segment follows a buzzard in his attempts to catch a speedy snake called Crazylegs. "Heyyy, It's the King!" segment focuses on the high school adventures of slick King the lion and his schoolmates Big H the Hippopotamus, Clyde the Ape, Sheena the Lioness, Skids the Alligator, Yukayuka the Hyena and Zelda the Ostrich. "Posse Impossible" segment follows the bumbling adventures of the Sheriff of Saddlesore and his deputies Stick, Big Duke and Blubber, who always chase after various equally bumbling outlaws. "Shake, Rattle, and Roll" segment follows Shake, Rattle and Roll, three ghosts that operate a hotel for supernatural creatures and are frequently pursued by a ghostbuster called Sidney Merciless. "Undercover Elephant" segment follows an elephant secret agent and his fateful mouse sidekick Loudmouse who work for Central Control and use disguises to hide their identities and solve mysteries. 
C Students|2014|The students is a 20 minute episode of a YouTube series made by animated James.. It follows the adventures of a Dull pessimist named August, a girl crazy pervert named Kevin, and a smart girl named Penny,you never fits in with other girls. They go around school, making a friendship. 
C|2011|The Japanese government was rescued from the brink of financial collapse by the Sovereign Wealth Fund. For its citizens, however, life has not improved, and unemployment, crime, suicide, and despair are rampant. Kimimaro, raised by his maternal grandmother after the disappearance of his father and the death of his mother, is a scholarship student whose only dream is to avoid all this and live a stable life. One day, however, he meets a man who offers him a large sum of money if he'll agree to pay it back. From then on his fate is radically altered as he's drawn into a mysterious realm known as "The Financial District." 
C'est La Vie with Selah V!|2013|C'est la Vie with Selah V is a fitness talk show featuring conversations with celebrities and fitness stars about the latest and greatest in the workout world! Plus, host Selah V provides dozens of free workouts that you can combine to create your own playlist! Also check out Selah's recipe renovations and holiday segments! Learn tips on how to get and stay in the best shape of your life and choose the workout regimen that works for YOU on C'est la Vie with Selah V! 
C'est pas le bout du monde!|2004|The TV show follows Belgian peoples who decided to leave their native land to settle in another country for a couple of years or, maybe, a lifetime. It also follows Belgian companies which try to establish or already established industrial relationships with foreign countries. 
C's Get Degrees|2010|C's get Degrees follows the trials and tribulations of a house full of slackers. Cole the Rugby-head, Mike the fan-boy, Sebastian the metro-sexual and Hemi the ethnically-confused gangster bind together to grapple with life's important matters like dealing with an angry landlord, snapping Mike out of his 'Shatner Spell', tracking down the autograph of a 1980s sporting hero and finding out who has stolen their Christmas presents. Each 5 minute episode of this ground-breaking, ultra-low budget, so-bad-its-good web-com is laced with pop-culture references and in-jokes. A must watch for anyone that has dreamed of or frowned upon life as a slacker. 
C'Ë posta per te|2000|Hosted by Maria De Filippi, the show stars a certain person with a certain story, who decides to send a letter for a certain reason to a certain person. The latter is invited to the show and, when the sender is shown, he/she can decide whether to discuss with him/her or not. All of this takes place through a letter-shaped sÈparÈ, which vanishes only if the addressee decides to let the sender talk. 
C- Bar|2017|Dockie Barnett has settled back into ranch life after the destruction caused by, and final elimination of, the homicidal outlaw known as "Snake-Eyes." But this is short-lived when news of the prison escape of crazed outlaw, John Doherty, alias John Doe, reaches Dockie and sets him on the road to stop the outlaw before he takes revenge on the rancher and those close to him. The big question is what secret does Dockie and John Doe share? 
C-16: FBI|1997|Special Agent John Olansky is the leader of a maverick squad of FBI agents based in Los Angeles in this weekly series. C-16 is frequently criticized by the Bureau for not going "by the book", but because Olansky's loyal agents almost always get results, the squad is mostly left alone. 
C-47: Georgia Short Film Showcase|2007|Submissions are accepted from filmmakers throughout the state of Georgia, and the winning submission is played on the air. There are also interview segments as well as field segments dealing with issues concerning the film/television industry in Georgia. 
C-Bear and Jamal|1996|Jamal passes through his 10th birthday, and in the process of 'becoming a man', which is what this milestone means, he tries to give up childhood things, including C Bear, his teddy bear. C Bear and Jamal talk to each other, and C Bear can create imaginary scenarios for Jamal - he shows Jamal what adulthood can mean, and how passing 10 does not mean that all of childhood must be abandoned. 
C-Suite with Jeffrey Hayzlett|2013|"C-Suite with Jeffrey Hayzlett," is an original prime time series that features an inside look at companies that are shaping the global business landscape. In each week's 30-minute episode, Hayzlett, a contributing editor for Bloomberg Television and former c-suite executive who has led strategy on Wall Street and Main Street, spends time with the executive team of today's most recognized brands to discover what makes them tick. "C-Suite" profiles different business models, from big companies to insurgent start-ups that are disrupting their industry, offering new perspective on boardroom decision-making by top executives leading the way. 
C.A.|2006|C.A. is the weekly reunion of 4 friends (Maude, Sarah, Yannick and Jean-Michel) who graduate together of the Hautes …tudes Commerciales 10 years ago. This dramatic comedy of 30 minutes take us in the universe of these adults, mostly single, who try to find Love. 
C.A.K.E. The Series|2013|C.A.K.E. the Series is a web series created to promote a system of justice by educating what racism is and how it affects nonwhite people all over the world. We believe black entertainment can be constructive, witty and funny. Please share, subscribe and tell us what you think in the comment box. 
C.A.T.S. Eyes|1985|An all-female detective outfit, the "Eyes Enquiry Agency", is formed as a front for the Home Office's new security operation the Covert Activities Thames Section (or CATS for short). Initially led by ex-Oxford Union President Pru Standfast, she was followed by experienced ex-cop Maggie Forbes (who later led the section), computer genius Frederica "Fred" Smith and later Tessa Robinson. Their contact with the Ministry was Nigel Beaumont. The team dealt with a variety of crime from theft to blackmail, to espionage & terrorism. 
C.B.C.'s Magic Hour|1989|Shy Rebecca Pennington longs for excitement and romance in her life, and when she gets the lead role in her high school play she begins to think that those things just might be possible for her. She asks her cousin Tom to set her up with a "prince charming" from his school, but after her dream date is injured at basketball practice, she is greeted instead by Ralph, who initially seems to belong in the frog category. The night turns into one misadventure after another, leading Rebecca to believe that she is doomed to a life without love. But in the end, in true faerie tale style, she realizes that princes come in all sorts of packages. 
C.I.D.|1998|Nakul, ACP Pradyuman's son accuses him to kill his girlfriend in a night club. However, Abhijeet and Daya try to get big evidence to prove ACP Pradyuman not guilty. Menawhile, the media reporters gather at the C.I.D Bureau for a ton of questions. Later it is known that Nakul kidnapped ACP Pradyuman from the crime scene. The security guard helped him do it. The C.I.D team arrests Nakul's teammates while he is trying to illegal selling outisde India. ACP unable to stop his son Nakul from escaping, shots him 3 bullets but he(Nakul) escapes injures but he had to die sometime. 
C.L.Y.D.E.|1990|On an alien planet populated by mechanical lifeforms, a citizen named Clyde (Computer Linked Yield Driven Entity) is banished for developing a sense of humor, a concept frowned upon by the members of his world. He eventually crashes on Earth, where he is found by two children, Samantha and her brother Max, who install him into their father's jukebox. He reveals himself and befriends them, taking them on various adventures where they encounter technology that is malfunctioning or being used for evil purposes and set these wrongs right. 
C.O.P.S.|1988|Set in the year 2020, The Central Organization of Police Specialists (C.O.P.S.) is a special group of policemen with cyborg enhancements that strengthen each member's particular talents. Their mission is to fight crime in the metropolis of Empire City, with their main enemy being crimelord 'The Big Boss' and his goons. I've been watching C.O.P.S. ever since I was little,well...that stands for 'Central Organization of Police Specialist'.Then,there was Bulletproof(which was voiced by Ken Ryan),but,all he can do was to fight crime in a future time,at least one of 'em was Big Boss.And,boy,do I love that cartoon? 
CA Model: The Reality Show|2015|The CA Model Reality Show covers every step of the process of creating the next Chinese American Top Model. The show is a non-scripted narration of the whole journey of the selected models: through their auditions, training, the trip to China and Taiwan, photo shoots, rehearsals all the way to the Final Show at Terminal 5 in NYC. 
CARL|2017|CARL is a comedy sketch web series about man named Carl that has a fetish with sending inappropriate pictures to people. The series digs into intimate interviews on how he has destroyed, annoyed, entertained, and aroused his unsuspecting victims. 
CAT. 8|2013|A research program abandoned by the best solar physicist when the Pentagon wanted to put it to military use has been resumed by his former deputy. Her incompetence and the Defense secretary's haste cause it to be tested too soon, stirring unprecedented solar flares, ultimately a plasma causing disasters on all continents. Only the genius can think of a way out, only to be victimized by the secretary, who needs to cover up. Even when it turns out the earth's core has stopped spinning, spelling an unimaginable seismic apocalypse, the genius must still evade special forces to stay free and save the world again. 
CATALYST Series|2015|An aspiring filmmaker and social outcast, Max Montgomery (Terrence Edmonds), gains popularity when creating his entry film for college. But when a horrible freak accident on set claims the life of Queen Bee Julie Bordner, Max and his friends quickly realize their friend's death was no accident. Out of fear they decide to pretend it never happened. But secrets have a way of getting out. Now someone is taking on the persona of Max's fictional Ventriloquist killer to make them pay for their sins. Could it be Madison Sinclair (Bianca Magick), the girl who takes Julie's place in the social hierarchy? Bradley Roster, the emotionally unattached boyfriend? Or possibly famous actor Austin Gideon, Max's secret gay lover? Max must solve the mystery of who is to blame before he's set up to take the fall. How well do you know your friends? Murder knocks out the competition in this high tension, suspense thriller. 
CAWL to Arms|2014|CAWL TO ARMS is a brand new, unique, action-packed, adrenaline-inducing Co-Ed sport in which teams of students from rival schools around the country face one another in exciting and grueling matches to find the most powerful male and female collegiate arm wrestlers in America! The winning team will be named the inaugural 2014 CAWL TO ARMS GRAND CHAMPIONS...and split $10,000 in cash! Throughout the competition, team members' classmates will be on the sidelines screaming for their favorite students as they pump up intensity levels to extreme proportions. Long-held rivalries will reignite and school spirit will be abundant...getting each student's competitive juices flowing to the max during all of the explosive action! This one-of-a-kind, hard-hitting College Arm Wrestling show will feature four teams with four members on each team (2 males and 2 females) as they go head-to-head (and arm-to-arm) with team members from rival schools. Each of the teams will be a part of the new College Arm Wrestling League (also known as the new CAWL). The CAWL will crown a new winning team on an annual basis. The inaugural season will consist of 3 episodes...the first two episodes will be the preliminary rounds and Episode 3 will be the FINALS! 
CBC Music Backstage Pass|2013|In this episode of CBC Music Backstage Pass we go country. Belle Starr performs three of their favourite Canadian country classics. Brett Kissel sings "Raise Your Glass" with just an acoustic guitar and a vintage CBC microphone. And Johnny Reid performs "Fire it up" in Toronto Studio 211. 
CBC Winnipeg Comedy Festival|2002|Join host Andrea Martin and some of the most hilarious musical comedy acts as they present their best numbers and celebrity musical tributes. Starring Jessica Holmes, Sean Cullen, Cathy Jones, Gavin Crawford, George Westerholm, and Hot Thespian Action. 
CBS Afternoon Playhouse|1978|First presented as a 5-part "CBS Afternoon Playhouse" series, this family-styled ethnic adventure tells the story of Joey, who is a white, middle-class kid from the Midwest, and Redhawk, a Colorado Apache he comes across while on vacation with his dad in the Rocky Mountains. The tale focuses on their ensuing relationship and the perils the three face in the wilderness when both Joey and his dad are injured and come face-to-face with a mountain lion, an eccentric hermit, etc. 
CBS Cares|2000|Approximately 155 million viewers see one or more of the CBS Cares campaigns each year on the CBS Television Network. (Source: NTI). These campaigns -- scripted and produced by CBS - usually consist of PSAs featuring Talent from a wide array of Primetime series on the CBS Television Network. The PSAs may be free standing or tied to storylines of shows. There have been rare instances where non CBS Stars have appeared in CBS Cares PSAs -- for example, Nelson Mandela's historic 2006 Tolerance messages developed by CBS in partnership with the Nelson Mandela Foundation. These PSAs were seen by more than 200 million viewers on the CBS Television Network and aired in 82 other countries. Another exception was a PSA for Big Brothers Big Sisters -- developed in partnership with CBS Sports and the NFL -- that was seen by over 90 million viewers during Super Bowl XLI. It featured Super Bowl coaches Tony Dungy and Lovie Smith. CBS Cares has also been a pioneer in the use of humor in PSAs to connect with viewers on serious issues. 
CBS Cartoon Theatre|1956|The office of our host now has a telephone installed, but he soon regrets its presence when Heckle and Jeckle, Dinky Duck and Gandy Goose make prank phone calls to him. Meanwhile, he offers the children in the audience a safety tip regarding where it is safe to ride a bicycle fast and where it isn't. And he introduces four Terrytoons cartoons: _Dancing Shoes (1949)_ (qv) and _The Fox Hunt (1950)_ (qv) with Heckle and Jeckle; _Hook, Line, and Sinker (1939)_ with Gandy Goose; and _The Timid Scarecrow (1953)_ (qv) with Dinky Duck. 
CBS Children's Mystery Theatre|1980|Polly Ames returns to her home, a hotel run by her father, to discover stories of ghosts and strange figures in black roaming the hallways. The "ghost" has already scared several tenants off, and if it keeps doing so, the hotel will have to be sold. Polly teams up with tenant D.C. and they begin to work on solving the mystery of who is pretending to be the ghost. 
CBS Evening News with Bob Schieffer|2005|The lead story focuses on the proposed merger between AT&T and BellSouth. Other stories look at the investigation into criminal negligence in the death of Pat Tillman, the push for the death penalty in the trial of Zacarias Moussaoui, a bill to ban abortion in South Dakota, military recruiters on college campuses, violence in Iraq, an investigation into crime in South America, and a feature on auto racing pit crews. 
CBS Evening News with Scott Pelley|2011|A powerful storm system stretched through a large portion of the country this weekend. As Manuel Bojorquez reports, the severe weather included heavy rains, flooding and tornadoes to several states; An Italian festival in South Philadelphia celebrated its centennial this weekend. Jericka Duncan reports on the Italian Market's 100 years of food and family. 
CBS Library|1979|P.J. is locked in L.A.'s Washington Public Library for the night. While fretting over what to do, some book characters come to life to tell their stories and help her to find her way back out. 
CBS News Extra: Project Mercury flight of Frienship 7|1962|Ten-part live "CBS News Extra" coverage of the Project Mercury flight of the Frienship 7 space capsule and astronaut Lt. Col. John Glenn who thus becomes the first American to orbit the earth. Douglas Edwards opens from New York with an update on the weather around the launch area at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Walter Cronkite reports from CBS News Control Center at Cape Canaveral on the scope of coverage to be broadcast by CBS; an animated film explains various stages of the flight such as orbit, reentry, splashdown, and recovery; Cronkite reports it is T minus eighty-four minutes; Lt. Col. John "Shorty" Powers of Mercury Control gives a status report as the camera shows technicians bolting the capsule hatch; videotape shows Glenn suiting up earlier this day and boarding the space capsule; Hughes Rudd reports from the home of Glenn's parents in New Concord, Ohio; Nancy Hanschman reports from Glenn's home in Arlington, Virginia; Grant Holcomb and Robert Schakne report from General Dynamics in San Diego, California; Robert Pierpoint, Neil Strawser, and Roger Mudd report from Washington, D.C.; Dave Dugan, Joe Campbell, and Bill Downs report from ships in the Atlantic Ocean recovery zone; and Bernard Eismann reports from St. Louis on the McDonnell Aircraft Corp., makers of the space capsule. Next, Cronkite opens from Cape Canaveral, Florida, where the count is T minus sixty and holding due to a broken bolt on the capsule's hatch. Highlights of this portion include coverage of the following: Bernard Eismann reports from the McDonnell Aircraft Corp. in St. Louis and interviews an engineer who helped design the capsule; in a film clip, Richard Bate interviews a NASA capsule engineer; Nancy Hanschman reports from Glenn's home in Arlington, Virginia, where she describes the day of Glenn's wife, Annie, thus far; Grant Holcomb reports from General Dynamics in San Diego, CA, and interviews its president, J.R. Dempsey who discusses the Atlas booster built by his company for Project Mercury; Eismann reports again from McDonnell Corp. where an engineer talks about space capsule improvements; Richard C. Hottelet reports from New York with a news summary; Cronkite describes Glenn's morning as the camera shows the launch pad area and the scene at nearby Cocoa Beach; an animated film shows the capsule in orbit; the countdown resumes at T minus fifty-nine minutes; Eismann and a McDonnell manager discuss new techniques required in the building of the space capsule; Cronkite illustrates various stages of the flight such as lift-off, orbit, reentry, splashdown, and recovery; Lt. Col. John "Shorty" Powers of Mercury Control reports the countdown at T minus forty-five minutes and holding; and a film illustrates how the space capsule will be tracked by Cape Canaveral Control Center and seventeen other tracking stations throughout the world. 
CBS News Sunday Morning|1979|The news show that does personal interest pieces, and has done since 1979. Anything from interviews with actors, political figures, athletes, musicians, costume designers, fashion designers, restaurant owners, charity heads, kids with special talents, everything you can think of. It is going on since Charles Karault started in the early years, and Charles Osgood picked up where he left off to retire. 
CBS News: JFK Assassination|1963|"Here is a bulletin from CBS News... in Dallas, Texas, three shots were fired at President Kennedy's motorcade..." Those ominous words from Walter Cronkite opened an unforgettable chapter in history - the televised story of a presidential assassination, unfolding in real time before a horrified nation. Relive the four days of CBS News coverage that riveted the country, as it happened. In a 90-minute program, you'll see highlights of that coverage, starting with the first bulletin, through Cronkite's announcement of the president's death, and the brief public life of suspect Lee Harvey Oswald, from his first "perp walk" to his claims of innocence to his shocking murder in full view of the TV cameras. Watch - as all America watched -- the slain president lying in state in the Capitol rotunda, his grieving widow, son and daughter, the emotional procession to Arlington Cemetery, the funeral service, and burial alongside a flame that - like our memory of the event - still burns today. Special Feature: CBS News Extra: November 22 and the Warren Report, Sept 27, 1964 Nearly a year after the assassination, CBS News makes an unprecedented witness-by-witness exploration of the crime. Hear from Oswald's family and friends, as well as colleagues who heard his rifle firing over their heads. And meet the officer who arrested him in a movie theater - and nearly died at Oswald's hands. Then Walter Cronkite reveals the conclusions of the blue-ribbon Warren Commission at the instant they're released to the public, starting with answers to the two key questions: who killed John F. Kennedy? And did the killer act alone? 
CBS Playhouse|1967|Rich Meridan is white, well-to-do and off to law school so he can make more money. Macy Stander is black, a cut above poverty and young enough to dream and hope for a better life. Both youths are stifled one has too much and the other has too little. 
CBS Reports|1959|The first national documentary telecast about environmental issues in America, focusing on stripmining in Kentucky, deforestation of Redwoods in California, bulldozing parklands for highways, damming scenic rivers. It was the produced for the classic Edward R. Murrow/Fred Friendly CBS Reports unit. 
CBS Schoolbreak Special|1984|This movie is about life inside a chemical-dependency unit for teens. A new teen Jeff Hoyt is 16 years old. He won't admit his addiction. He can't believe he's in this unit, dressed in pajamas and listening to losers. His life depends on it. The losers are fellow teens in various stages of the 28 day program. 
CBS Storybreak|1985|The Named, a society of intelligent prehistoric cougar-like cats, are being pushed to the edge of survival by their savage UnNamed enemies. Ratha, a young female being trained as a herder by the herding teacher, Thakur, discovers how to tame and use fire. Meoran, the tyrannical leader of the cat-clan, views this new power as a threat and exiles Ratha. With help from her friends, Thakur and Fessran, Ratha survives in the wild, then returns to the clan, overthrows Meoran, becomes clan leader and uses "her creature", The Red Tongue, to drive off the UnNamed enemies so that her people will survive. 
CBS Summer Playhouse|1987|New Yorker Nate Goodman arrives in New Orleans to take over the local crisis center. He takes a room in Elysian Fields, a boarding house run by Violet Coffin. Violet and her extended family - mostly young women of libidinous nature - make life in New Orleans much more interesting and odd than Nate ever imagined. 
CBS Television Workshop|1952|In Spain, in the sixteenth century, an elderly gentleman named Don Quixote has gone mad from reading too many books on chivalry. Proclaiming himself a knight, he sets out with his squire, Sancho Panza, to reform the world and revive the age of chivalry, choosing a slut to be his noble lady Dulcinea. He mistakes inns for castles, a play about chivalry for the real thing, flocks of sheep for armies, convicts for wronged prisoners, and windmills for giants. While he and Sancho are off on their adventures, his niece, her fiancÈe, and the local priest think up a strategy to get him back home. 
CBS This Morning|1992|This Morning reports on the latest stories. Plus, Julie Chen and Sharon Osbourne of The Talk, and Drew Brees and James Brown talk about the Super Bowl. Also, Dwayne Johnson talks about his new Milk mustache commercial, and James Carville and Mary Matalin discuss leaving CNN. Broadcast from New Orleans. 
CBS's Watch! Magazine's Behind the Scenes|2008|A smattering of behind the scenes content created from CBS Watch! Magazine's recent photo shoots: - NCIS photo shoot with Pauley Perrette - The Good Wife photo shoot with Archie Panjabi and Matt Czuchry - NCIS photo shoot with Michael Weatherly - NCIS photo shoot with Daniela Ruah - Rules of Engagement photo shoot with Oliver Hudson - How I Met Your Mother photo shoot with Neil Patrick Harris - NCIS photo shoot with Cote de Pablo - Blue Bloods photo shoot with Tom Selleck, Donnie Wahlberg, Will Estes, Bridget Moynahan, Len Cariou - The Big Bang Theory photo shoot with Johnny Galecki, Kaley Cuoco, Simon Helberg, Kunal Nayyar - NCIS photo shoot with Chris O'Donnell and LL Cool J - The Mentalist photo shoot with Owain Yeoman and Amanda Righetti - The Mentalist photo shoot with Simon Baker - Hawaii Five-O photo shoot with Alex O'Loughlin, Scott Caan, Daniel Dae Kim and Grace Park. 
CE BrOs|2010|Three best friends struggle with leaving the recklessness of their 20s behind. In spite of their self-indulgent and immature lifestyles, they manage to open an almost immediately successful company together selling energy drinks. But how can they manage a company when they can barely manage their own lives? They're more than just CEOs, they're CE BrOs. 
CF-RCK|1959|Le pilote Louis Corbin et son mÈcanicien Victor Gendron possËdent une petite compagnie aÈrienne, Air Nord. Ils gagnent leur vie en transportant ‡ bord de leur Cessna, le CF-RCK, des prospecteurs, des sportifs qui rejoignent des camps isolÈs et parfois, de la marchandise lÈgËre. Au cours de leurs voyages, surviennent des ÈvÈnements imprÈvus, des aventures diverses. L'inspecteur Taupin de la police judiciaire a souvent recours ‡ leurs services dans le cadre de ses enquÍtes. 
CFNM Secret|2008|Amy Anderssen receives complaints from female employees of being sexually teased by Chris Strokes, hence she summons him in her office. Chris as per his character couldn't take his eyes off her voluptuous body which was partially hidden under short, loose fitting clothes and didn't pay attention to what she is saying. Frustrated Amy decides to teach him a lesson by unclothing him against his will , only to discover his big and sturdy body parts. Amy couldn't resist taking it inside her body and both enjoy exchanging pleasure in different positions till both submit to each other. 
CHASE: The Series|2014|"CHASE", a cop-drama web series that follows the journey of a young detective, Johnathan Chase, as he tries to take down his father's killer. His father, Lawrence Chase, was a highly decorated officer on the Chicago Police Department who was gunned down by the Manzano family, an Italian mafia. The story follows Chase and his partner, Detective Alex Vera, as they try to balance keeping the streets of Chicago safe, finding Lawrence's killer, and taking down the Manzano's. 
CHiPs|1977|"CHiPs," which stood for California Highway Patrol, followed the daily beats of two state motorcycle patrolmen as they patrolled the freeway system in and around Los Angeles. Officer Jon Baker was the straight, serious officer while Frank "Ponch" Poncherello was the more free- wheeling member of the duo; both reported to Sgt. Joe Getraer, who gave out assignments and advice in handling the cases. Each episode saw a compilation of incidents, ranging from the humorous (e.g., a stranded motorist) to criminal investigations (such as hijackings) and tragic incidents (such as a fiery multi-car pile-up with multiple deaths. Other aspects of Ponch and Jon's daily work were highlighted as well; the social lives of both officers (they were both single) often provided the lighter moments. On occassion, Ponch and Jon were assisted by a female "Chippie" at first, the very beautiful Sindy Cahill; and later, the more wholesome Bonnie Clark. In 1982, Ponch got a new partner, Bobby Nelson (series star Wilcox left the show that year), while Nelson's younger brother, Bruce, was a trainee on the force. By now, the female "Chippie" was the attractive Kathy Lindahan. Ponch and his partner are California Highway Patrol (CHiPs) motorcycle officers. This long-running television series entertained viewers with the drama in law-enforcement, from routine calls to exciting emergencies. Frank "Ponch" Poncherello and Jon Baker were partners and officers with the California Highway Patrol. Together they cruised the highways and interstates in the Los Angeles area, stopping speeders and car thieves, helping stranded motorists, assisting paramedics at accident scenes and occasionally investigating crimes. They also became involved in many chases--this series could usually be counted on to provide at least one multi-vehicle interstate pile-up per episode. 
CI5: The New Professionals|1998|CI5, the British squad formed by George Cowley to combat 'anarchy, acts of terror, crimes against the public', has developed into an international force with operatives hired from around the world by the 1990s. With connections to the FBI, CIA and other law-enforcement agencies, CI5 operates outside borders with a group of specialists under a similar brief. 
CIA Declassified|2013|1959, Fidel Castro is a growing threat to the U.S. It's decided he should be terminated. But who can do it? This is the true story of how the CIA turned his lover into a deadly assassin and sent her on a mission to kill their formidable enemy. 
CIA Undercover|????|CIA desperate to find out who stole their secret list of field agents, have to convert a CIA trained accountant to go undercover inside the Russian Mob to find out who is the mole in the agency. The agent slowly is becoming confused on who he is, as he goes deep inside the Mob. Eventually he takes over the local territory as the New Russian Boss, and is starting to question his marriage and his Loyalty to the CIA. 
CIA: Crime Investigation Australia|2005|Elderly women found on the ground with blood around their heads are initially assumed to have fallen. After they are picked up by ambulance, kindly neighbors clean up the scenes, eliminating crucial forensic evidence. Newspapers coin the term "The Granny Killer" for the man who stalks and bludgeons unsuspecting women in broad daylight near their homes. Police have almost no clues until one woman survives an attack and is able to provide a description. Once they do charge a suspect, will he be able to convince a jury that he MUST be crazy to do such things? 
CMT Giants|2006|There are living legends among us whose talents are so great, they are awe inspiring. Their gifts have touched their fans, challenged their peers and garnered awards and international recognition. But it is an elite few who are considered giants in country music. CMT Giants honors those true icons who outshine all others. 
CMT Insider|2004|Alan Jackson's new CD produced by 'Alison Krauss' (qv); 'Dolly Parton' (qv) appears to kick off Dollywood's BBQ and Bluegrass Fest and new cookbook; 'Kenny Chesney' (qv) talks about his new live CD; 'Josh Turner' makes a rocking chair for his new baby boy. 
CMT Most Shocking|2004|CMT investigates the backwoods brewing of illegal substances, both past and present, in CMT Most Shocking: Moonshine Madness. Find out how running moonshine played a part in the birth of NASCAR, with drivers honing their skills running liquor from the stills to the distributors. Meet old-time moonshiner Popcorn Sutton. You may think this infamous liquor is a thing of the past, but we'll cover a present-day bust (one of the biggest ever) and look deeper into the claims that it still flows freely. 
CMT Star Weddings|2008|This series will be an exclusive half-hour peak into the world of Country Music Superstars. The shows will chronicle the extravagant lives of these modern day cowboy's and girls. With first hand interviews, personal accounts and behind the scenes footage, each episode will give you a close and personal look into the lives of these idolized mega-musicians. Experience what it really means to be a Country Star in today's world of vanity and excess and examine how CMT's biggest stars make their special day unforgettable. 
CMT Star|2005|An exclusive peak into the world of Country Music Superstars, and chronicles the lives of these modern day cowboy's and girls. First hand interviews, personal accounts and behind the scenes footage. With an up close and personal look into the lives of your favorite Country Artist. Experience what it really means to be a Country Star in today's world. 
CMT Top 20 Countdown|2001|This episode of CMT Top 20 Countdown was shot on the set of "Working Class" in Hollywood. Guest stars include Melissa Peterman and Steve Kazee from "Working Class", as well as Reba, John Schneider and guest video from Gwyneth Paltrow and Keith Urban from the film "Country Strong". 
CMT's All Jacked Up|2009|It's a hot rod ... it's a speedboat ... it's both! Host C. Thomas Howell gets behind the wheel of the "Python", the world's most amazing amphibious car. Then Tommy meets Dr. Megavolt, a 'mad scientist' who likes to play with 200,000-volt lightning bolts. 
CNBC Originals|2003|In the world of consumer electronics, Best Buy is often considered the 'last man standing' - a title both flattering and daunting. What started as a local record store 45 years ago is now a national big box giant with more than 1100 stores. In recent years, the retailer has seen its profits dwindle, due to intense online competition, high overhead costs and declining sales. Best Buy has faced many challenges in its history but has always managed to bounce back. In an age when smart phone apps can compare prices on the spot, can this behemoth keep itself from becoming just a showroom for competitor's websites? CNBC Correspondent Tyler Mathisen goes behind the scenes of Best Buy during the Black Friday frenzy, profiles CEO Brian Dunn, meets the Geek Squad, and reports on how the big box is fighting back. 
CNBC Titans|2010|If one had to create a fictional profile on the most successful media titan in history, it would be tough to fashion one more deserving than Barry Diller: CEO of Paramount Pictures, creator of the Fox Network and founder of the USA Network. 
CNN & Company|1992|Kelley and a panel of journalists speak about the sexual harassment charges against Washington Senator Brock Adams. They then look at the use of negative advertisements in the presidential primaries and whether Bill Clinton has a chance of beating Paul Tsongas in the upcoming races. Finally, they discuss whether the younger version or older version of the Elvis stamp is better. 
CNN Live From...|2000|CNN International's daily signature morning news show broadcast from Europe for CNNI audience. This episode features CNN correspondent Alex Quade anchoring live from Berlin, and Fionnuala Sweeney live from London, with live stock market updates from Hong Kong. 
CNN NewsStand|1998|Focuses on celebrity auctions, especially ones for Elvis Presley and Marilyn Monroe. Michael Okwu interviews memorabilia experts Jerry Osborne and Bruce Wolmer, as well as potential buyers attending auctions. Profiled from start to finish is Jerry Osborne's quest to be the winning bidder of a 1959 congratulatory telegram sent by Elvis and Col. Parker to Dean Martin. 
CNN Newsroom|1989|Auto expert Lauren Fix, The Car Coach covers the Frankfurt Motor Show, including electric and diesel cars, the race to greater fuel efficiency, and the latest deals with the UAW. Get your updates on the automotive industry with The Car Coach. 
CNN Presents|1993|CNN examines why thousands of Africans attempt to immigrate illegally to Europe each year. Many of them are poor and they take the risk in order to go to countries that they believe hold the keys to prosperity. It looks at the poverty and conflict they are fleeing and examines the dangerous trip that they are willing to take. 
CNN Prime News|1980|CNN Prime News cover the destruction of the Space Shuttle Challenger. It covers reactions on the ground and profiles the astronauts who were lost in the tragedy including teacher Christa McAuliffe. It also talks to politicians, scientists, and NASA administrators about the implications of the disaster and efforts to discover what happened. 
CNN Saturday|1998|U.S. Soldiers Build Up Defenses Against Iraqi Scuds. By anyone's measure, the U.S. military buildup in the Persian Gulf is impressive. Still, U.S. soldiers have reason to fear an Iraqi attack from Scud missiles. CNN's Alex Quade has a look at a secret defense buried deep in the desert. ALEX QUADE, CNN CORRESPONDENT (voice-over): It's into the bunkers for troops at this secret air base near Iraq at the first threat of chemical or biological attack. 
CNN Special Investigations Unit: Danger: Poisoned Food|2007|Dr. Sanjay Gupta investigates the safety of the nation's food supply, which the CDC estimates is responsible for causing some 76 million people to become sick every year, with an approximate 325,000 requiring hospitalization and 5,000 dying. Included: an interview with Dr. Robert E. Brackett, the director of the FDA's Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition; the experiences of a family who became ill after eating E. coli-contaminated greens. Last year, more than 350 people got sick or died eating tainted spinach and lettuce. Others became ill after consuming peanut butter contaminated with salmonella. A recent pet food scare has many consumers worried if it could drastically affect human health. In Danger: Poisoned Food, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, CNN's chief medical correspondent, investigates current threats to the nation's food supply all the way from the fields and farms to the packaging plants to the grocery store shelves. Dr. Gupta also exposes how the U.S. government's approach to these dangers may be putting Americans at additional risk. 
CNN Special Reports|1980|CNN Live Event: War in Iraq: Iraqi VP Vows Suicide Bombing 'Only the Beginning'. Coming up this hour, refueling in midair, then add the challenge of doing it over Iraqi airspace; we will talk to the men and women who do it every day for the coalition forces. Also this hour, eliminating Saddam Hussein's inner circle. We'll tell you about reports of a covert U.S. operation aimed at weeding out Saddam's intelligence from the inside. 
CNN Sunday Morning|1995|U.S. Works on Plans to Attack Iraq Without Turkey's Help Aired March 2, 2003 - 18:13 ET THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED. FREDRICKA WHITFIELD, CNN ANCHOR: It's a major blow to the U.S. war plans, but analysts say the U.S. could still take Baghdad despite Turkey's refusal to let U.S. troops open a northern front in Turkey. And plans are already under way for attacks on Iraq from other staging areas. CNN's Alex Quade has details now. (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) ALEX QUADE, CNN CORRESPONDENT (voice-over): For U.S. pilots at a secret air base in the Persian Gulf, a possible air war against Iraq is not about to begin, it's ongoing. 
CNN World Beat|1998|CNN's groundbreaking international music news program, World Beat offers in-depth profiles and interviews with artists from around the world. World Beat airs on all feeds of CNN International (CNNI), on CNN Domestic, and on CNN Airport Network to over one billion viewers worldwide in 210 countries. 
COA: Life in Transit|????|The "Entourage" of the Extreme Sport lifestyle COA: Life in Transit, a voyeuristic view into the subculture of apparel brands and the skaters that make or break them, in the 24/7 grind of parties, skate competitions, commercial and photo shoots, hustling sponsors, scoring girls, couch surfing, maintaining their social media status and holding it all down in Dogtown. 
COLR: The Court of Last Resort|????|Single Mother Virginia Judge faces Jobian choice after finding 12 year-old daughter alone and catatonic at crime scene of dead step-mother, and is compelled under duress of exposure by former mentor to join Court of Last Resort (COLR) where Fairfax Star Chamber punishes guilty defendants who got away. 
CONversations with Stanley & Jax|2015|March Madness meets the world of fandom on The Ultimate Nerdament with Stanley and JAX. Which Superpower would you rather have? Which Avenger would you rather be? Which Star Wars Character would you want to be? These and more are all subjects of The Ultimate Nerdament. Also, don't miss CONversations with Stanley and Jax where our hosts talk to the biggest names in fandom today. 
CPL minidocs|2017|In "Americordo," journalist and author Gianna Pontecorboli discusses her book about Italian Jews who migrated to the United States fleeing persecution at home under Mussolini. Caught between separate worlds, these families didn't identify with either Italian-American or American Jewish communities - yet many of them achieved remarkable academic, scientific and artistic success. Among them is Guido Calabresi, senior judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and former Dean of Yale Law School, who considers his outsider experience as a young refugee in wartime New York and New Haven to be the most important lesson in his formation as a judge and a scholar. 
CPO Sharkey|1976|The perfect sitcom outlet for the acid-tongued talents of comic Don Rickles, who plays Chief Petty Officer Sharkey, based at a naval recruitment center in California. Since all the men under his command seem to be from different racial and cultural backgrounds (black, Polish, Hispanic, etc.), Sharkey has plenty of ammunition for his insults and putdowns. He's actually very fond of his men though, and usually must protect them from mealy-mouthed boss Lt. Whipple and gruff base commander Capt. Buckner. 
CRUSHd|2012|CRUSH'd is an active videotaped interview hosted by Sabrina DiSomma and Christian L. Brown that's catered to musicians. Targeted individuals to be CRUSH'd are major mainstream and underground up and coming singers and MC's in the genre of R&B, Hip-Hop, Rock, Pop and Neo-Soul. Artist are individually interviewed for 10 minutes, two of their music videos are aired and a CRUSH'd is performed! This is without a doubt the most innovative and fun way for individuals to receive an interview because it's fun, fresh and active. CRUSH'd, while providing an informative interview, safely and privately to the artist, it also provides to the fans an amazing vision of today's artist. For example, watch your favorite artist and up and coming musicians compete in a dirt bike race with one of the hosts of CRUSH'd! From Billiards, Roller Skating, Sky Diving, Bowling, Sumo wrestling, Roller Skating, BBQ Grill off, Basketball, Beauty Bar, Laser Tag/Paint Ball, Arcade (video games), Scuba diving, Horseback Riding, Surfing to Bull Riding the list of incredible 'get up and do' things with people you thought would be afraid to get dirty or step outside of their element is endless! CRUSH'd is an active interview where individuals in the entertainment field have fun, put aside the 'business' and show the other side fans don't get to normally see. Get informed! Shake it up! Have fun! "get YOU some... GET CRUSH'd!" CRUSH'd is an active videotaped interview hosted by Sabrina DiSomma and Christian L. Brown that's catered to musicians. Targeted individuals to be CRUSH'd are major mainstream and underground up and coming singers and MC's in the genre of R&B, Hip-Hop, Rock, Pop and Neo-Soul. Artist are individually interviewed for 10 minutes, two of their music videos are aired and a CRUSH'd is performed! This is without a doubt the most innovative and fun way for individuals to receive an interview because it's fun, fresh and active. CRUSH'd, while providing an informative interview, safely and privately to the artist, it also provides to the fans an amazing vision of today's artist. For example, watch your favorite artist and up and coming musicians compete in a dirt bike race with one of the hosts of CRUSH'd! From Billiards, Roller Skating, Sky Diving, Bowling, Sumo wrestling, BBQ Grill off, Basketball, Beauty Bar, Laser Tag/Paint Ball, Arcade (video games), Scuba diving, Horseback Riding, Surfing to Bull Riding the list of incredible 'get up and do' things with people you thought would be afraid to get dirty or step outside of their element is endless! CRUSH'd is an active interview where individuals in the entertainment field have fun, put aside the 'business' and show the other side fans don't get to normally see. Get informed! Shake it up! Have fun! "get YOU some... GET CRUSH'd!" 
CSI Hrvatska|2016|"CSI Croatia" is a documentary TV series about crimes and investigations in Croatia, but most importantly, unique entrance into the world of police, their methods and actions, but also their human side, psychology and coping with dark side of humans. Ten episodes cover roughly 30 different cases from recent Croatian history, everything from murders and rapes to traffic accidents, robberies, kidnappings... 
CSI: Crime Scene Investigation|2000|This show follows the nights of the detectives working at the Las Vegas Police Department Crime Scene Investigations bureau. Being the second busiest crime lab in America, CSI officers use the best scientific and technical methods to solve puzzles and catch criminals. The Las Vegas PD Criminalistics Division is the #2 crime lab in the US, solving crimes that practically every other crime lab has given up on. Led by hard-nosed Captain Jim Brass and quirky Gil Grissom, they track down perpetrators using scientific analysis and the occasional leap in logic. In the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, its reputation for providing instant success for those willing to try their luck draws in the hopeful and the naive. This constant influx of visitors also provides ripe targets for criminals of all varieties, confident they will never be caught. Unfortunately for them, most are proven wrong by the Las Vegas Police Department's night shift Crime Scene Investigations unit led by Gill Grissom. With almost obsessive dedication towards his quest for the facts, he and his elite team of investigators work various perplexing cases using scientific skills and equipment that are capable of finding valuable clues from the most seemingly unlikely sources. In a city of empty dreams and false fronts, Gill Grissom leads the quest for the one thing that can cut through the lies to the truth and justice, the evidence. 
CSI: Cyber|2015|Avery and her team investigate a new cyber threat that allows arsonists a less traceable method of starting fires in homes. Meanwhile, Elijah's ex-wife informs him she's starting a new job out of town and wants to take their daughter with her. 
CSI: Miami|2002|Horatio Caine, a former homicide detective, heads a group of investigators who work crimes amid the steamy, tropical surroundings and cultural crossroads of Miami. His team includes Calleigh Duquesne, a bilingual Southern beauty with a specialty in ballistics; Tim Speedle, a cocky yet disarming investigator who is well connected on the street, and Eric Delko, an underwater recovery expert who knows all the twists and turns of the Florida waterways. Rounding out the team is Alexx Woods, the no-nonsense, know-it-all coroner. And, after Speedle is killed in Action, Former Patrolman Ryan Wolfe joins the team. Together, these investigators collect and analyze the evidence to solve the crimes and to vindicate those who often cannot speak for themselves -- the victims. 
CSI: NY|2004|At a French Revolution themed fund raiser at the UN, specifically at the French consulate, Mac, Stella and Hawkes find themselves hurdling diplomatic road blocks investigating two murders leading to an unexpected suspect. Meanwhile, Danny and Lindsay reunite on a "blinged" out cockroach that lead to murder of a prominent chef. 
CSIC: I Hero|2015|First Mandarin forensic science idol drama. Five years in production, the highest budget TV series in Taiwan. Based on American drama standard, the story develops in a virtual city, a group of forensic science guru, connecting each case together. - And every case has a touching story to tell. Forensic investigators are always in pursuit of "truth", and they are constantly facing most dangerous challenges in humanity; they face case difficulties, conflict between good and evil, treacherous scoundrel, civilian's innocence, implicate the most dramatic tension. CSIC premiere sets the best record in broadcasting of the same slot, attract lively discussion from the audience, rave reviews from the critics. CSIC has reached Google keyword search ranked # 9 the day after its premiere. Online reviews indicate the show is the most influential TV series in Taiwan. Creating a new drama genre in Mandarin market. 
CSUN ON POINT: Digital Foreplay: The Truth About Online Dating|2014|Online dating sites and apps are changing relationships. Aleksandar Milojlovich talks to marriage and family therapist Allison Cohen, CSUN Psychology Professor Luciana Lagana, and cyber dating expert Julie Spira. You know in the real world we have to interact, we have to engage, Cohen said. But you can go online and you find out stats, hobbies, important information instantly. Professor Lagana says that these online profiles can be both revealing and deceptive. It is different because you do not really have to reveal much about yourself; you can pretend that you are very cool, so deception is involved, Lagana said. Covering psychosocial risk factors for online dating, a lively discussion of the pros and cons of this type of dating is included. 
CTV National News|1961|Comedian Josh Rachlis talks with CTV Newschannel host Marcia MacMillan about the Love Song For Elizabeth May that he posted on YouTube. He tweeted it to the Green Party leader and she tweeted back "I love you too." The song is about all the eco-friendly things he and May would do on a date. This was during the Canadian federal election and intended to help her campaign and also spread a message about caring for the environment. Eventually May was elected Canada's first Green Member of Parliament. The Green Party's own summary of the election noted that most of their coverage came from Josh Rachlis' love song. Yahoo! News named it one of the top ten political videos of the year. 
CUPIC: Diary of an Investigator|2011|Members of the Arizona charter of CUPIC (kyu-pik): Central Unidentified Phenomenon Investigation Committee, a private organization, investigate reports of the unknown. Their goal is to find a scientific and logical explanation to the cases, but each of them soon realize that it will not to be an easy task. 
CYBERSQUAD|2017|When they aren't getting in trouble with their school management, KD, Rocky, Uzi, and Tia are badass teenagers who help the police capture the most notorious criminals and hackers from their own secret cyber-den. They are young, they are smart, and they are here to use their high-tech skills and arsenal of gizmos to make the world a safer place. Follow the adventures of CyberSquad as they blur the lines between the online and the offline worlds. 
Ca$h - Das eine Million Mark-Quiz|2000|The German Version of the American TV-Show "Greed". A Team of five could win a Million DM by answering multiple choice questions. From round to round one contestant could kick out an other contestant, so the team gets smaller and the possible prize grows for the contestants left in the team. 
Ca$h Cab|2005|The player keeps answering questions trying not to get any wrong. If they get three incorrect answers, then the cab pulls over and they are dropped off wherever they are. They lose any money they would have won. The first four questions are worth $25 each, the next four questions are worth $50, and any question thereafter are worth $100. If a contestant has won more than $200 and the cab is forced to stop at a traffic light, the driver will start a Red Light Challenge. The driver will read a question that has multiple correct answers (usually five or more), and the passenger will then have 30 seconds to give a designated number of those answers (usually all five). Doing so is worth an additional $250 to the fare, and failure to answer the question will not count as a strike, so there is no risk. The passenger is allowed two "Shout-Outs" during the course of the trip, and each type can be used only once. The first type is the Mobile Shout-Out, in which the contestant is allotted a phone call to a friend by means of the driver's cell phone. The player is allowed to ask their friend the question and acquire what they think is the correct answer, however, there is a 30 second time limit. The other is the Street Shout-Out. If the passenger chooses to use this one, the driver will stop at the first person he sees and will let the fare ask the person the question and what they think the correct answer is, but there is no time limit for this question. Although there is no time limit, often times the pedestrian does not know the answer. Should the passenger reach the destination, the driver offers the passenger a choice. The passenger has the option of keeping the prize money and leaving the cab, or the choice of answering a final, more difficult, visual question that, if answered correctly, doubles the fare's winnings. However, if the passenger chooses to answer the final question and provides an incorrect answer, the game show host keeps all the money the passenger won previously. Three games are usually played per episode. 
Caballeros del aire, 100 aÒos de la Fuerza AÈrea Mexicana|2016|At the beginning of the twentieth century, the airplane became one of the great technological inventions of history and very soon the first planes and pilots arrived to Mexico. The Constitutionalist Army of Venustiano Carranza adopted the aircraft as a part of their military resources. This is how in 1915 the Military Air Arm was created, which marks the origin of the Mexican Air Force. After a century of the Mexican Air Force's foundation their commitment has been to give the graduates of 'El Colegio del Aire' (School of the Air) the best qualifications as well as to have available a completely renewed air fleet. All this effort is put together in order to fulfill their important tasks, like the aid of the population in need after a natural disaster and help in the combat against organized crime. 
Cabanyal Z|2012|Germ·n is an employee of a municipal company that destroys empty homes' equipments in El Cabanyal quarter (Valencia) in order to avoid squatters to get in. On the day of the zombie apocalypse, Germ·n is bitten and infected by a zombie while he is on duty. Flor, a gypsy from the neighborhood, offers him a sort of antidote to block the infection, but Germ·n refuses it because he mistakenly takes it for an illegal drug. While he's trying to start the van and reach home in Valencia's city center, Flor throws the antidote into the vehicle. Once at home, Germ·n finds his wife and daughter still alive, but during the night Germ·n will bite his wife. Full of rage and remorse, he injects himself with the antidote. In the end, he decides to go back to El Cabanyal to find the gypsy and survive the zombie infection. 
Cabecita|1999|LucÌa Escobar, best known as Lucy, is a young and poor girl who lives in the countryside of Buenos Aires. Although she is inferior to rich people, she is happy because she has her parents, and because she teaches little poor children of the small town where she lives. Lucy has to face discrimination many times, being called a "Cabecita" by rich people. Even though, she is happy. But everything changes when her father is killed. Lucy knows that the answer to the death of her father has something to do with her mother's mysterious past (she was a rich girl who left her family to live with a poor man), and the only way to find out who killed her father and take revenge is to travel to Buenos Aires, the capital city, and investigate. From then on, Lucy's life will not be the same again. 
Cabin Fever|2003|Cabin Fever. Take one tall ship, ten contestants, an expert sailing crew, the Irish coast, eight weeks at sea and you've got Cabin Fever. Cabin Fever is a format devised by COCO Television and came to the Irish screens in the summer of 2003. 
Cache Craze|2013|Cache Craze is a high-octane treasure hunt featuring challenges that are typical for a game show. This fast-paced reality competition features teams tracking down caches with the help of GPS technology. Each week, teams explore new Craze Mazes and endure a series of mental and physical challenges as they race to collect points from nabbing hidden Geo-caches. The last team standing will go home with treasure trove of cash and prizes including a trophy named "The Amazing Amaze Ball!". It takes courage, cunning and a whole lot of craziness to conquer the challenges and find the most hidden caches on a brand new season of Cache Craze. Based on the worldwide adventure sport "Geocaching", Cache Craze is a high tech treasure hunt, using GPS devices, that puts 3 teams to the test with spine tingling physical challenges in different "Craze mazes" as they try to outwit the other teams and collect the most points. Each week is a new location to conquer -- forests, cities, islands, sports arenas-- and each week the teams will battle it out to claim victory and the Cache Craze Amazeball. New episode every Tuesday at 6pm only on YTV. 
Cada Canto|2012|Presented by Romulo FrÛes and DÈbora Pill, each episode of the show shadows a young musician while he or she goes to several different places in S„o Paulo, which ultimately shape his or her personal identity and musical education. From city squares to local pubs, from music halls to the city, from the studio to the gate: the conversation flows naturally across the city, covering each artist's unique traits. 
Caddicarus|2012|A British man who can use his motorpowered mouth to say sentences at breakneck speeds puts his speaking skills to good use: by creating a channel where he reviews games and attempts to do the dirty deed of deciding whether or not a game deserves to be "slaughtered" or "salvaged". Peppered with variety, charm, and humor that bounces all over the place, Caddicarus is the guy to look for; whether you want an entertaining review, a nostalgia trip, or just feel like having a good giggle. 
Cade's County|1971|Sam Cade is the tough but sensitive sheriff of sprawling Madrid County located somewhere in the American Southwest. Between chases and shootouts, episodes deal with a number of relevant '70s issues such as the plight of the American Indian. 
Cadena urbana|2005|It's a TV show where famous Barcelona people meet, linking from the first guest to the last in a continuous chain though the city. We're able to see where they like to go and what anecdotes such places bring. Sometimes funny sometimes deep, everybody has someone to talk to, and that someone has someone else. 
Cadence Ambulance|2016|Mr. Cadence starts an "ANIMAL" Ambulance Company and despite his trying for years he is never able to make it truly successful. He grows old and his health fails. After the passing of Mr. Cadence, Mrs Cadence is forced to sell ALL the company's assets just to pay off the medical bills. Her son Simon then comes home from college and with the last remaining old ambulance, he endeavors to build up the company. However, this time providing the service to humans to continue his father's legacy. He quickly notices there is no money in the bank and the only people who will work for him are two people who are also down on their luck and at the end of their rope. Together they strive to beat the odds. You will laugh and you will cry and by the end you will wish you had a Cadence Ambulance in your town!!! 
Cadernos de Cinema|1978|This talk-show was aired by the Brazilian TV Educativa (Channel 2, Rio de Janeiro) from January 1978 through December 1979. Guests included celebrities, socialites, intellectuals, artists, filmmakers and so forth. A particular classic feature film was screened and subsequently discussed in real time. 
Cadfael|1994|At and around the Shrewsbury abbey, Brother Cadfael is a monk with a difference. Given a choice, he would enjoy just being a simple gardener and herbalist for his home. However, too often events force him to use his other talent as a master sleuth in response to mysterious crimes happening in his community. While he investigates these crimes, he often finds himself at odds with the contemporary attitudes of the times with his own ahead of his time beliefs. 
Cadillacs and Dinosaurs|1993|In the 26th century, nature has spun wildly out of control. Cities have crumbled and the dinosaurs have returned to rule the earth. Jack Tenrac, one of the last of the "old blood" mechanics, along with his friends Hannah Dundee and Mustapha, defend humanity from the greedy governor Scharnhorst, freelance poachers, and other evil influences. 
Cad·ver exquisito|2009|Exquisite Corpse is a 'Surreality Show' depicting the production of a short film by 5 different directors using the surrealist technique of collective creation of the same name. In an old house for 9 days in a row, each director wrote, directed and edited one minute of the story, subsequent to and based only on the page of script written by the director that preceded him. Each had the same crew, equipment, time and location and had one day of pre production to write, one day to shoot and a third day to post-produce their minute of contribution to the final work. All production processes were overlapped with each of the other directors during the 9 days and culminated in a public event where the resulting short film was screened. 
Caer en tentaciÛn|2017|Raquel and Dami·n are happily married with two children. Destiny leads Dami·n to meet Carolina and feels an undeniable attraction towards her. Dami·n did not know that Carolina was already married to Santiago, a construction architect with whom she has two children with. Raquel accidentally backs her car to Santiago's truck. They realized that their sons know each other. Raquel volunteers to pay for the damages but Santiago refuses. Raquel insisted and goes to the ¡lvarado home with Dami·n. The two couples become great friends. But the desire between Dami·n and Carolina is stronger than their marriage commitment and both decide to deceive to their spouses. Dami·n and Carolina had a terrible car accident. Rescuers only found a seriously injured Dami·n and Carolina mysteriously disappears from the scene. During the investigation by the police, Raquel and Santiago learn that their spouses are lovers. 
Caerdydd|2006|This is Cardiff in the 21st Century. Ambitious, bold and brash. This is the new generation of young Welsh speakers, city slickers and migrants from the old country, finding their feet and making up the rules in the Fastest Growing Capital City in Europe. 
Caesar|2016|Someone with the capabilities of an unusual, called (Caesar) of one extremist groups, which adopt terrorist operations, and with the group a terrorist operation surprise the siege of the police in a Rafah tunnels, which holds the police demolished and the elimination of all those out, but Caesar becomes the sole survivor and it is jailed in a prison called the cave and following the events. 
Cafe Americain|1993|Holly Aldrige is a young American living on her own in France. Although she doesn't speak any of the language (which causes trouble for her frequently) she finds a job working as a waitress in a small cafe. At the cafe she meets a strange assortment of characters from around the world. She gradually comes to be friends with them and starts to find her place in her new home. 
Cafe Kremlin|2012|Chicago with its vibrant night life, lake front, tall buildings and dark alleys is home to a couple of young gamblers determined to turn their vice into a business. A place where corruption, illegal activities and underground gambling flourish. Two close friends Michael & Banks find it easy to make money until they start taking bets from Sergei, a smooth talking but ruthless Russian gambler that has devised a plan to rig the betting system of these naive bookmakers to insure that the odds are in his favor. When things start spinning out of control and their little empire begins to crumble they turn to their mentor Carmine, an old family friend with ties to the mob and ask for help in hope that his money & power can keep them from total disaster. Partially based on true events and filmed on location. 
Cafe con Leche Reality Talk Show|2017|Executive Producer/Creator Frank J. Fernandez and host Ashley North visit Vella Wine Bar + Kitchen where proprietor Evgenia Huldisch takes them on a delectable journey through wine, mixed drinks and paired foods. Featured dancer, Sereena Greene with theme music by Adonis Tsilimparis. 
CafÈ - en time|1983|Spread to the best of my knowledge on seven episodes in 1983 and four episodes in 1984, this programme series was a topical entertainment series set in a studio-built cafÈ interior. Each one-hour episode would focus on one topic which was then portrayed through songs, sketches and discussions. In the four 1984 episodes the respective topics were falling in love, being in a relationship, the limitations of relationships, and the pain of splitting up. Indeed, this series took a rather somber angle to the concept of studio entertainment in a way that is rarely seen today. 
CafÈ Cinema|2014|Cinema is the most powerful weapon that can control minds and destroy cultures and beliefs but this weapon when flips at the other side can be a weapon against those who bring pain to human society. At the time cinema can be the most effective and beautiful medium to convey thoughtful messages, show human pain and uncover the wrong hands and dangerous minds through its vision of the world. "CafÈ Cinema" reviews these kinds of movies. Movies that focus on real social justice issues, Movies that are eye opener for those who don't know about social justice issues in the world or those who know but want to look deeper and wider to the variety of the issues in different countries. "CafÈ Cinema" talks about art, human and pain. 
CafÈ ExposÈ|2016|Tonight, Hell's demons and the dead walk the Earth - A barista and podcaster, Rodney Rose, hides inside a cafÈ after business hours as he awaits his next podcast guest. The world is on fire, but Rodney knows someone is coming - A surprise guest that's not so different from Rodney himself. 
CafÈ con aroma de mujer|1993|Teresa Su·rez, nicknamed "Gaviota" (Spanish for "Gull"), and her mother Carmenza Su·rez, work as harvesters and throughout the year they travel to different farmlands across Colombia searching for work. One October Gaviota meets Sebasti·n Vallejo, the grandson of the owner of the farmlands where they are working. They fall deeply in love with each other and plan to be together even if it means to go against his family's will, but eventually destiny sets them apart and they'd have to overcome multiple obstacles to find they way back together. 
CafÈ de Wereld|2003|The series is set in a 3D cafÈ populated by 3D Dutch Celebrities, politicians and famous faces. Featuring the Dutch prime minister, the Dutch queen and a variety of current and less current scope of characters. For this show a unique real-time pipeline was set up, enabling yesterday's news to be on air today in a 5 minute daily format. 
Cage Insider|2010|Cage Insider visits the Kun Khmer Federation in Lowell, MA where a surprise celebration goes down, honoring the premiere of the movie 'The Fighter'. Interviews with actors Christian Bale and Mark Wahlberg, Director David O. Russell and boxing Legend Dicky Eklund all at this amazing event. Cage Insider also checks out the facilities of the Tapout Gym in Boston and catches an interview with UFC welterweight John 'Doomsday' Howard. 
Cage Rage|2005|In just over a decade, "mixed martial arts fighting" has gone from a novelty spectacle to a World Wide sport. The Ultimate Fighting Championship made its debut in the USA in 1993. Now over in the UK and bolstered by some heavy financial backing and unprecedented television coverage, the UK's version of UFC- Cage Rage has had sell out events at the huge Wembley conference centre with a card that included five UFC veterans (more than some UFCs!) and some of the biggest international names side by side with the cream of UK talent. No Holds Barred (NHB), Cage Fighting or Ultimate Fighting as it is now more commonly known, is a general term used to describe the convergence of boxing, jiu-jitsu, wrestling, kickboxing and judo into one form. There are so many ways in which to win - but just one mistake and you can lose. The best protection you can have is to be better than the next man. 
Caged|2012|"Caged" takes viewers into the world of young people growing up in small town Louisiana, following a group of friends who are finding their way in the world after high school graduation as they struggle to make something of their lives and break out of the metaphorical cage they've found themselves in. This weekly documentary series will take an honest look into the world of young amateur MMA fighters, both inside and outside of the cage. One is dealing with his lost love, another tries to balance his young family and fighting, and another just yearns to make his family proud. It's impossible for them to leave these issues outside of the ring, and each week, viewers will see how their personal lives and choices affect their chances inside the cage. For these modern day gladiators, every day is a fight to break free from the past, and to find their future. It's their chance to turn their lives around, and an opportunity to stand up and fight to make something of themselves. "Caged" is executive produced by Joke Fincioen and Biagio Messina of Joke Productions. Dave Sirulnick and Amy Bailey are executive producers for MTV. The series is from MTV's award-winning News and Docs department. 
Cagney & Lacey|1981|Television police drama starring two female cops as partners. Their contrasting personalities (one is tough and the other sensitive) strengthen them as a team, allowing each a different perspective on both personal and professional situations. 
Caiga quien caiga - CQC|1995|"Caiga Quien Caiga" is a weekly news round-up that takes a humorous and ironic approach to reporting current affairs, show business, and sports. A program that laughs at reality, and takes information to limits beyond what is expected. Each week, direct and live from the studio, a trio of hosts presents the most original stories to show reality in a very distinct way to the everyday newscasts we are used to. Its reporters, those in charge of going out on the street, are willing to do anything to get a surprising story. They are not afraid of anybody, not politicians, Presidents, or film stars. They always ask the least convenient and most uncomfortable questions, provoking unexpected and funny reactions from celebrities. We are the rock in the shoe of the celebrities, and we love to ask uncomfortable questions. Know by its fans as CQC, the program gained fame for its unstructured and original way of interviewing, asking what other media would never ask. From this conception comes the name "Caiga Quien Caiga", a phrase that in Spanish reflects the spirit of the program: to do something without caring about the rank of those who suffer the consequences. From its start, CQC has been a success and a primary reference in Argentine television, and later in Spain, Italy, France, Israel, and Chile. 
Caiga quien caiga|1996|Reality changes depending on how you see it. CQC has its own way of seeing things. "Caiga Quien Caiga" is a weekly news roundup that takes a humorous and ironic approach to reporting current affairs, show business and sports. A program that laughs at reality and takes information to limits beyond what is expected. Each week, direct and live from the studio, a trio of hosts presents the most original stories to show reality in a very distinct way to the everyday newscasts we are used to. Its reporters - those in charge of going out on the street - are willing to do anything to get a surprising story. They are not afraid of anybody, not politicians, presidents or film stars. They always ask the least convenient and most uncomfortable questions, provoking unexpected and funny reactions from celebrities. 
Caillou|1997|Entertaining misadventures of a four year old boy named Caillou, where each day he discovers something new and interesting with his mommy, daddy, and Rosie. Between Caillou segments are segments featuring Caillou's pet cat Gilbert, Caillou's teddy bear, Teddy, and Caillou's toy dinosaur, Rexy, in puppet form. The show deals with issues like fear of the dark, patience, being a good friend, being a good sibling, and other important facts of life. 
Cain and Abel|2009|Based on the biblical story of Adam and Eve's first two sons, Cain and Abel is about Cain's jealousy towards his brother Abel. Lee Cho In is a very gifted doctor who has everything that he wants whereas his older brother, Seon Woo, is jealous of all the attention that Cho In receives. Seon Woo blames his brother for taking everything good in his life away from him. Seon Woo blames Cho In for getting their father's love, getting more recognition as a doctor, and for stealing the woman he loves. 
Cain's Hundred|1961|Gangster Vincent Pavanne's nephew Rick refuses to follow in his footsteps or come to see his dying father. In the hope of changing his mind, Vincent decides to prove to his nephew that anyone can be bought, and thus decides to bribe Rick's best friend, a college basketball star, into throwing a game. 
Caitlin's Way|2000|Caitlin Seeger is a troubled teenager. She was orphaned at age 8 and has been shuffled from one foster home to another ever since. She was forced to grow up fast and to learn how to survive on the streets of Philadelphia. After running afoul of the law one time too many, she is given the choice between jail and going to live with relatives on a ranch in Montana. Upon arriving in Montana, the street-hardened young girl experiences the ultimate culture shock. 
Cajun Justice|2012|In Southern Louisiana, the mosquito problem is so rampant and the annoying pests can get so big, the locals will often say the mosquito is the "state bird." Deputy Tom Arnold is called down the bayou to investigate a man disturbing his neighbors. 
Cajun Pawn Stars|2012|It s a wonderful world on this episode of Cajun Pawn Stars when a drummer s pad signed by legendary music artist Louis Armstrong swings by the shop. Jimmie is intrigued by three full, unopened Prohibition-era whiskey bottles that are brought in. 
Cake Boss|2009|The staff of Carlo's Bakery in Hoboken, New Jersey, led by Buddy Valastro, shows how it prepares elaborate themed cakes for various occasions. Each episode typically features the preparation of two cakes for events including receptions, charity events and theme parties as well as weddings and birthdays. 
Cake Boss: Next Great Baker|2010|The final three face their toughest Baker's Challenge yet when they must bake their 3 best pastries to sell at Carlo's Bakery with the baker who sells the least going home early. The final two will then battle it out for the title the Next Great Baker! 
Cake Walk|2011|An edgy couple want a wedding cake that reflects their alternative lifestyle in the premiere of this series, which finds Canada's top pastry chefs designing dream wedding cakes for clients while competing for a $5000 grand prize. Caroline Rhea is the host. Judges: David MacCarfrae; Gordon Bailey; and Alexandria Pellegrino. 
Cake Wars|2015|In the Season 3 finale, four amazing bakers put their skills to the test and take on "Alice in Wonderland" for a prize worth $10,000 and the chance for their creations to be featured at a 65th anniversary celebration of the classic Disney animated film, _Alice in Wonderland (1951)_ (qv). 
Cake|2006|CAKE, E/I, TVY 7, is a live-action show within a show about a 13-year-old girl (a la Martha Stewart) who hosts a cable access show with her two best friends. The three girls show their audience (and each other) how to take ordinary, everyday items (t-shirts, CD cases, lamp shades) and make them extraordinary with a little imagination (and a hot glue gun!). CAKE's motto: "You can't buy individuality, but you can make it! 
Calabash Brothers|1986|Legend has it that two demons were jailed in the Calabash Mountains, a Scorpion spirit and the other a Snake spirit. One day, a pangolin happens to drill a hole on the slope and the two spirits escape from the cave, causing grave harm to the nearby residents. The pangolin hurries to an old man and says that only by growing calabashes in seven colors can they annihilate the spirits. So the old man spares no time in growing seven calabashes, each a different color of the rainbow: red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, and purple. The calabashes ripen sequentially, falling off their stems to the ground, and transforming into seven boys. Each has a unique supernatural ability such as super-strength, increased hearing and sight, invisibility, and pyrokinesis, as well as a weakness. Each of them also have above average strength and speed giving that all of them have shown the ability to lift items several times their own weight and leap several. With a combined effort, they set up a mission to defeat the demons. When defeating the demons, the seven brothers seal themselves together into a mountain with all the colors of the rainbow, ready to awaken to evil. 
Calando fuerte|2006|A variety show for a general audience. Interviews, musicals, comedy, challenges and games. An interactive show focused in the people at home as well as its live audience. One daily hour of entertainment with its own personality where the special guests have a main participation within the show. 
Calator pe Viata|2009|A travel and adventure series taking you through some of the most extreme regions on Earth, from the Amazonian jungle to Alaska's icebergs, from Africa to Tibet, from Sahara to the top of Mount Everest. It's not just about the places, but about people, culture, history and life. 
Calefare|2008|The series takes aim at what people will do to make it in the world of television, whether they have talent or not, as it follows five individuals who are aiming for fame and fortune (and all the perks that come with it) as "Calefare," a word to describe actors who land small parts. The term refers to bit-role actors, or extras, in the entertainment industry in Hong Kong, Malaysia and Singapore. They hope that this small step will lead to larger things. Each episode chronicles their misfortune of trying to break into the business big time. The five are taking part in the production of a television miniseries that is being produced by Channel 5 called Road to Liberation, a drama about World War II. But behind the scenes they find themselves at war with Huay Huay, the assistant director who gave them their big break and has a reputation of manipulating the quintet after they take issue with her or turn down their demands. 
Calendar|1968|Yorkshire, England, celebrates as Bradford is named the world's first 'City of Film' following a decision to grant the title by UNESCO. Famous Bradfordians including Simon Beaufoy (the Oscar-winning screenwriter of Slumdog Millionaire) and film producer Steve Abbott (A Fish Called Wanda, Brassed Off)give their views. 
Calidad y Equidad en la EducaciÛn Superior: Una Mirada de sus Protagonistas|2006|Education is a basic tool that all humans rely upon to face the challenges of their surroundings. In Mexico, institutions of superior education have had relevant growth and diversification and they have succeeded in building the knowledge that is needed for developing our country and thoroughly preparing our students. The advances and challenges of these institutions are not only part of the past but also serve to value the present and analyze the direction in which we are heading and where we can ultimately go. In that sense, this documentary allows us to the learn about the workings of tertiary education in Mexico during the last five years, considering certain problems but mostly emphasizing its achievements and challenges. 
California Coastal Trail|2015|From the carefree beaches of San Diego through the rugged, dramatic coastlines to the north, California has been building a trail, over 1,000 miles in length, within sight, sound, or smell of the ocean. It's a massive undertaking, and while work continues, much has been done. Starting May 4th and through Labor Day 2015, follow KCET as we travel up the SoCal coast from the U.S.-Mexico border to the Monterey County line. 
California Connected|2002|UC Berkeley is the headquarters of Partners for Advanced Transit and Highways (PATH) they have been developing Automated Travel with Caltrans and a group of California Universities (USC, UCLA, UC IRVINE AND UC RIVERSIDE) since 1989. Path's goal, "using the existing highway system they want to put more cars on the road more safely and let the cars do the driving for you." The Smart Roads system could be up and running in five years time, starting with buses and snow plows. 
California Dream Eater|2015|Hungry? Then it's time to meet the California Dream Eater, a culinary connoisseur in search of dream eats across the state. The best part is, he's taking orders. Tell him what you dream of eating in California and he will hunt it down and eat it for you, right in front of your face. Because that's what dream eaters do. 
California Dreamin'|2001|Goldrush and Kerouac's "On The Road", Rodeo Drive and "Pretty Woman", Silicon Valley, Disneyland, Hollywood and fitness gurus, Haight Ashbury and Beverly HiIIs, Flowerpower and Drive-In-Churches, Yosemite Park and the Mendocino Coast, Napa Valley, Psychotherapy and L.A.'s silicon beach bums, Death Valley, Redwood Trees and Malibu: No other country has shaped as many modern myths as California, the tamed Wild West of America. California, even up to the 1920s, was taken as the most western outpost of civilization. The promised land for both, fortune hunters, adventurers, avantgardists. In the third episode, we ask the last of the beatniks in San Francisco and the biggest new age village of the world in Mount Shasta, where an entire tribe is supposed to live in the giant mountain, and a vortex to another dimension is thought to be located around any second corner. We're interviewing Sonny Barger, once the most feared founder of the legendary motorcycle gang "Hell's Angels", now weakened from age and a cancer treatment. And we are visiting Al Jardine, the singer, co-founder and guitarist of the Beach Boys, who is living on his hideaway ranch in Big Sur, way south of San Francisco. Still humming the anthems of the ultimate Californian band: From "California Girls" and "Surfin' USA" to "Good Vibrations" and "Fun Fun Fun". And we're meeting the most lovely floaters on the waves: The sea otters of Carmel and Monterey Bay, sitting in the sea kelp, munching mussels and having a good time around the year. The ultimate Californians. 
California Dreams|1992|Living in California, a bunch of cool teenagers decide to form a rock band, the Dreams. Between gigs, they have to deal with real-life issues. 
California Fever|1979|The guys find an elderly woman staying in Ross's van. They learn she's an activist and her daughter who's running for public office wants to have her committed cause she was protesting one of the company's that's supporting her daughter's campaign. The guys try to help her. 
California Heaven|2005|California Heaven revolves around the wealthy Corrigans of Malibu beach who own California Heaven & Surf, the largest chain of surf shops in the nation. When estranged family member Sandie Corrigan washes up on shore dead, her daughter Heaven comes to Malibu to investigate... and finds the Corrigans have a lot to hide -- including how and why her mother died. 
California and the American Dream|2005|In a few short years, American Indians in California went from being the poorest people in the state to among the richest - from being virtually invisible, to being the most powerful political lobby in the 6th largest economy in the world. For the Cabazon and Morongo tribes of Southern California, the plaintiffs in the landmark Supreme Court case, the potential wealth from gambling was unimaginable. Years of excruciating poverty have not been lost on three-time chairwoman Mary Ann Andreas of the Morongo tribe, whose reservation is near Palm Springs. She remembers the dirt floor shack of her childhood, and the impossibility of dreaming for the wealth the tribe now holds. For Viejas tribal Chairman Anthony Pico, the abundance of today harks back to the times before contact with Europeans. Today, the State is trying to charge a gaming tax greater than the standard corporate rate, a challenge to the newly found abundance of California tribes. California's "Lost" Tribes is the first documentary to go behind the faÁade of glitz and glamour of American Indian casinos to reveal the current conflicts over Indian gaming, explore the historical underpinnings of tribal sovereignty, and the evolution of tribal gaming over the last thirty years. Concern over gaming is further stoked by the development of casinos in rural lands, creating friction between tribes and non-Indians. California's "Lost" Tribes captures the impact of gaming on Indian self-determination, and the challenges Native people face in defining the identity of their people for the future. 
California's Gold|1991|California has a rich maritime history and has been at the forefront of naval warfare since the beginning. In this special one-hour adventure, Huell visits two aircraft carriers that are now museums in the waters of California. First it's off to San Diego to visit the USS Midway, which has steamed through a 47-year career of service. Imagine a carrier that was commissioned in 1945 and served as a flagship in Desert Storm in 1991. No other carrier served as long as the USS Midway. She opened in 2004 as a naval aviation museum and is now the pride of San Diego's waterfront. Next it's off to Alameda to visit the carrier USS Hornet that is a national treasure, having participated in two of the greatest events of the 20th century: World War II and the Apollo 11 moon landing. This floating museum even has the Airstream trailer in which the Apollo astronauts were quarantined for three days after returning to earth. 
California's Golden Fairs|2010|Counties all over the Golden State have a long tradition of celebrating their agricultural bounty, promoting their unique features, and generally inviting folks to have a good time. Huell travels up and down the state visiting these fairs, meeting diverse people, and seeing all sorts of animals, great rides, and attractions. He also discovers that each fair has its own history and traditions and is unique in its own way. 
California's Golden Parks|2002|Located in Pacific Palisades, 141-acre Temescal Gateway Park was a major center of the Chautauqua Movement in the 1920s and '30s. It offered programs of lectures, music, literature, science, and discussion of public issues. Huell learns about the history of the park from rangers, local residents, and the daughter of Rev. Charles H. Scott, the founder of the Chautauqua camp. Early history includes when the canyon was a meeting place for neighboring Native American tribes. In addition to being the location of Scott's independent Chautauqua, the town of Pacific Palisades was founded there in 1922. The area became a public park in 1994 thanks to the state's Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy. 
California's Green|2004|We all know how important it is to preserve and protect our fragile natural environment. With ever-greater and faster population growth and development staring us in the face, it's more critical now than ever to live in harmony with the environment by preserving clean air, conserving water, and dealing with issues like recycling and open spaces. Huell Howser highlights what innovative and creative Californians are doing to solve environmental challenges and provides viewers with knowledge and practical ideas that they can implement in their daily lives. 
Californication|2007|Hank Moody- a self loathing, narcissistic author struggles to overcome writer's block while balancing his occasional drug use, alcoholism, and borderline sex addiction all the while trying to get back together with his girlfriend and raise his teenage daughter. 
Call 911|2008|A woman is home alone. Her leg was broken in a car accident the previous week and she is eight months pregnant. It's at night. Her four dogs start going crazy, like something is really wrong in the house. The woman calls 911. While she is on the phone, the dogs become extremely agitated. The 911 operator sends help - but before the police arrive an intruder comes from the basement and violently attacks the woman. He rips off her clothes and attempts to rape her - just as the police break in and stop him. 
Call Me Fitz|2010|Twas the night before the night before Fitzmas but the only visions dancing in Fitz' head are of his face plastered on O-mo billboards around town. As part of his new O-mo image, Fitz has decided to give up drinking which prompts a visit by three ghosts to show him the impact his newfound sobriety will have on the people around him. With the whole Fitzpatrick clan scattered, Larry must scramble to rally the troops if he hopes to save Fitz from going down the wrong path. 
Call My Bluff|1965|This was a game based on word knowledge. A word would be presented to a contestant and a panel of three celebrities. One panelist would have the actual definition written out on a card while the other two merely had cards with the word "Bluff" printed on them. Each panelist would give their version of the definition of the word, and the contestant would have to determine who was correct and who was bluffing. 
Call for Help|1998|"Call for Help" is a fully interactive, call-in show that takes the stress out of computing for beginners and pros alike. Each day, "Call for Help" tackles technical difficulties, offers tips and tricks, provides product advice, and serves up suggestions for getting the most out of your computer. 
Call of Duty ELITE: Friday Night Fights|2011|As the best selling game of all time, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 has succeeded in connecting players in a historic fashion. With its release, Activision introduced ELITE, a yearlong subscription service giving subscribers discounted access to Maps, Contests, and Content, early, and for no additional charge. Friday Night Fights is an Original reality television game show, in which 2 teams of 4 go head to head in a best of 3 game competition in the Call of Duty Arena. Winners receive a championship belt and a donation to the Call of Duty Endowment in their name. 
Call of the Wildman|2011|A cattle farm has been losing calves, and it's up to Turtleman to stop the ferocious critter butcher. Then, the live action continues when Turtleman must catch a skunk that is threatening to put a local sculptor out of business by spraying his art. 
Call the Boys|2017|Pascal, Lukas, Janni und Kaambiz sind jung und gutaussehend und sie sind zu haben - zeitweise und gegen Bares. Die vier Berliner Jungs betreiben ein erfolgreiches Callboy-Unternehmen namens 'Call The Boys'. Offiziell angemeldet ist das Business allerdings nicht. Stress ist vorprogrammiert, wenn man f¸r Geld mit Frauen schl‰ft. 
Call the Midwife|2012|Based on the memoirs of Jennifer Worth; the story follows twenty-two year old Jenny, who in 1957 leaves her comfortable home to become a midwife in London's East End. She is surprised to find that she will be living in a convent: Nonnatus House. Working alongside fellow nurses and the medically-trained nuns, Jenny has her eyes opened to the harsh living conditions of the slums, but she also discovers the warm hearts and the bravery of the mothers. Even after Jenny leaves Nonnatus, she continues to chronicle the lives of the midwives who have become her family. 
Call to Glory|1984|Eight years have passed since Carl's death and Raynor has been released after three years as a prisoner in Vietnam. Raynor is questioned about his part in the death of a C.I.A Agent and the Sarnac family goes on with the children as adults. 
Callan|1967|David Callan is the top agent/assassin for the Security Service (British counterintelligence), but he is an embittered man who performs his duties "for Queen and country" under duress. This bleak, "Spy who Came in from the Cold"-style espionage drama concentrates on the seamy underside of covert operations: assassinations, blackmail and dirty dealing. 
Callaway Live|2015|Aaron Wise had a lot going on in the summer of 2016. First, he won the NCAA individual title. Then he led the Oregon to a team victory in the NCAA championships. The following week he won medalist honors in US Open sectional qualifying, securing him a spot in the US Open. Oh and he just so happens to be one of Callaway's newest staff professionals so we were thrilled to welcome Aaron to Callaway Live. 
Callbacks|2012|Callbacks is a comedic series that follows the life of aspiring actor, Davis Hope (Andy Hull) who has given himself until 35 to "make it" in the industry. Unsuccessful to date, and about to turn 35, Davis is at a crossroads and now must make a decision that will impact the rest of his life. While following our character through the often hilarious and awkward moments along the way, we catch a glimpse into the trials and tribulations that all actors face. 
Callboys|2016|In an industry rife with losers and perverts, three eager gigolos set up office together as the Callboys. They form the go-to escort collective for women in search of courteous, well-groomed and even better-endowed company. What the Callboys lack in wit, they make up for in testosterone, which gives rise to radical selfishness and fruitless energy, spent making things harder for themselves rather than simpler. As business booms, they start to fancy themselves businessmen. But once they decide to branch out by selling their own personalized, woefully over-engineered dildos, their fate is sealed. The 7 part black dramedy follows the comical exploits of the Callboys where bad management, petty arguments and deaf-mute ambition make their short-lived business crash and burn. 
Called to Serve|2013|Follow the realistic life of four Mormon missionaries as they attempt to preach the gospel with the sensibility of nineteen year old 'Elders' as they tell dirty jokes, goof off, fantasize about women, and of course, preach the Mormon gospel. CALLED TO SERVE is a dramedy that examines the human condition through the juxtaposition of what it's like to explore one's faith, or lack of faith, and to still be human. 
Calling All Safety Scouts|1984|In this series, the citizens from Nutdale demonstrate various aspects of personal safety. Through quizzes, personal demonstrations, songs and games, we learn about the various risks a young person can face and learn to how to avoid mishaps. 
Calling Dr. Pol|2014|The clinic has gone to the dogs. There's an emergency visit from a great dane; a litter of puppies with tummy troubles; a jack russell who ate the wrong thing and a diabetic pinscher with a paw problem. All of this and a visit to Dr. Pol's staff and their canine companions. 
Callus Knight|2016|Callus Knight is based within an urban action packed world of sorcery, demons, samurai warriors, and ninja assassins. Filled with drama and strong purpose new factions like The Ajnin, The Aphrodisiacs, and BAD, have been built to battle against power of vast proportions. With the involvement of militias and industrial means, characters are forced to use their wit to survive. 
Calque|2016|The world looks a little different through the eyes of an ex-solider of the US Army. After being relieved from his duties for being too unstable for combat, Shane is now on the run. He is a strategist, a fraud, a pathological liar and an unapologetic psychopath. CALQUE follows Shane during one of his many transitions from one identity to another and the lengths he must go through to keep running. 
Calucci's Department|1973|Joe Calucci is a kind-hearted office supervisor working for the New York State Unemployment Department. Weekly, he must deal with his frustrations with his girlfriend, employees, bureaucracy brass and the unemployed coming to his department seeking help. 
Calvin and the Colonel|1961|This show is about a mis-adventures with Colonel Montgomery J. Klaxon (a cool fox), and Calvin Burnside (a dim witted bear). Oliver always makes mischief, he is also a lawyer. 
Calvin's Cubs Chat|2015|Tito is frustrated with his job. He's not getting enough benefits. He doesn't understand why his own captive gets better treatment than himself. He decides to "make a statement" to his boss, Phoenicia (problem is that she is merely a middle-woman, and he is about to get himself into some "hot water" with some big dudes). 
Calypso|1999|The island of Calypso celebrates every year the day of San Salvador. The festivities include choosing a queen among the women. This year a lovely young woman named Maria Margarita, "la Bella" ("the Beautiful") is crowned. She has an older sister, named Margarita Luisa, "la Grande". The two sisters are unhappy. La Grande mourns Ernesto Lopez, her fiance who drowned at sea last year. La Belle has to say goodbye to the teacher, Mariano Gonzalez, who has won her heart and is now leaving the island for good. Fate strikes, when La Grande goes to the seashore in a desperate try to feel closer to Ernesto, when she sees a floating body in the water. La Grande saves him and drags him ashore. The man is Simon Vargas, who will now be known as "the Castaway" and the new bow of La Grande. 
Cam Girls|2015|Just when Liv thinks she's back on her feet with a new job and a new crush, she suddenly needs a new place to live. After months of crashing with Nikki and her perfect, powerbroker husband Paul, Liv finds out there's trouble in paradise - and she's in the middle of it. Could this shocking secret put Liv out on the street? Maybe, but it might also lead her to an unexpected ally. 
Camaleones|2009|Valentina and Sebasti„o are two young men controlled by a principal who forces them to steal precious jewels through disguises. The mysterious man who submits them to such crimes is known as "El Amo" and to convince them uses death threats as a resource. After several days, they are wanted by the police and, although they hate each other, they plan to pretend to be siblings and take refuge in S„o Bartolomeu College, belonging to Augusto Ponce de LeÛn and Francisca Campos. 
Cambio Cane|2013|Two dogs from radically different families swap places for a week under the watchful eye of pet coach Angelo Vairain. Each episode will focus on the relationship between two families as they attempt with varying success to bring ill-mannered dogs to heel. 
Cambio de piel|1998|This is remake of famous La Dama de Rosa. Jose Ignacio Quintana is a very powerful and successful businessman, who is involved in a loveless and childless marriage, when he meets Daniela Martinez and discovers there is real love. But both, though, will have to travel along multiple difficulties and misunderstandings to reach happiness together. 
Cambio radical|2007|Extreme Makeover for Spain. In each episode, a team of specialists that includes plastic surgeons, eye surgeons, stylists, dentists, psychologists and personal trainers, working with two people to become new people, both outside and inside. 
Cambridge Spies|2003|Fascism or communism is the black and white choice before the four activist prone protagonists. It's a choice that lasts a lifetime, transcending any relationships, transgressions and accidents of birth. Viewing fascism as a despicable alternative our anti-heroes are recruited by the communists. 
Camelot|2011|King Uther dies suddenly and Britain faces chaos when Merlin appoints Arthur, the unknown king's son and heir, as new king by birthright against his half-sister's ambitious plans. 
Cameo Theatre|1950|Produced by 'Albert McCleery' (qv), NBC's _"Cameo Theatre" (1950)_ (qv) was a live dramatic anthology series that ran in various time slots from 1950 to 1955. With minimal props and sets, _"Cameo Theatre" (1950)_ (qv) borrowed the concept of intimate theater-in-the-round, popularized by influential producer-director 'Margo Jones' (1912-1955) during the years 1947 to 1955 at her Dallas theater; the first U.S. professional arena theater, it also pioneered the use of closed-circuit television so actors waiting offstage for their cues could see what was happening on the stage. While live television dramas were often limited by camera placement, McCleery solved the problem by eliminating all large scenery or backdrops on his _"Cameo Theatre" (1950)_ (qv). Since the background was solid black, camera operators had total freedom and could easily move about in the darkness to pick up any close shot or unusual angle as directed. Thus, the emphasis was on the actors and close-up characterizations, seen without distractions. The series did both originals and adaptations, including a three-part adaptation of 'Henrik Ibsen' (qv)'s "Peer Gynt." Premiering 16 May 1950 with 'Arthur Miller''s "It Takes a Thief," the series began as a summer replacement for the second half hour of _"Four Star Revue" (1950)_ (qv) and aired until 27 September 1950. The second season ran from 18 June 1951 to 6 August 1951. In 1952, it was a midseason replacement on Sundays for _"Leave It to the Girls" (1949)_ (qv), airing from 6 January 1952 until 13 April 1952. The final season was 3 July 1955 to 21 August 1955. 
Camera Guys|2011|When Kyle Greenwood is hired as a freelance camera operator for a local production company, he begins to learn what it truly means to be called a camera guy: make fun of the audience, and talk trash on the gigs. Kyle is a wanna be film maker/movie buff. Over the years of trying to go into the movie-making business, he has lost hope, and settled for the life of a freelance camera guy for local Production facilities. Quitting from most jobs, his roommate, Nate, hooks him up with a gig at Dynasty Video Pro. There he meets the highly comical and diverse team of camera guys who show him the ropes of what it means to be a true camera operator: Point the camera, make fun of people, and talk trash on the gigs. 
Camera Three|1955|A performance of George Crumb's song cycle "Ancient Voices of Children" by the artists for whom he composed the work: the great mezzo-soprano Jan De Gaetani and the Contemporary Chamber Ensemble, conducted by Arthur Weisberg. The texts are fragments of larger poems by Federico GarcÌa Lorca. Footage of the performance is interspersed with images created using a video synthesizer, and there is also interview footage of Crumb discussing his work. 
Cameramen Who Dare: Bear Battleground|2010|Cameraman Kim Wolhuter steps into the heart of a wild hyena clan. Mike Richards climbs 120 feet into the rainforest canopy to film a bird believed extinct. Filmmaker Vicky Stone creeps within feet of Africa's largest crocodiles during their annual feast. Cave diving expert Shane Moore disappears into the Gateway to Hell. They get the shots that change the way we see our planet. They film untamed nature. They are the Cameramen Who Dare. 
Cameron Cat|2011|Cameron Cat competes against Dexter Dog in a bowling tournament for a chance to win the grand prize of $100,000. In the end, Dexter tries to blow up Cameron with a bomb disguised as a bowling ball, but when the plan backfires on Dexter, he gets disqualified for cheating, and Cameron wins the tournament by default. 
Cameron's House Rules|2015|Inspired by the work of the contestants on _"Game of Homes" (2015)_ (qv), the show he hosts, 'Cameron Mathison' (qv) decides to embark on a home renovation project of his own in his own home: transforming the garage, which is primarily a junk space, into a family room where he and his family can spend time, most specifically where they can have their weekly family movie nights. Cameron decides to follow many of the same rules from Game of Homes, such as completing the work largely on his own (but with the help of expert trades when required) and within a specific time frame, namely five days. But there's one other rule on Game of Homes that he learns his family is making him also abide by. 
Camille Solari's Glaminlalaland|2013|One year anniversary show and red carpet event of Camille Solari (Arsenio Hall) and Adam Barnhardt (Poly Shore is Dead) weekly Sunday comedy show "Whores On Sunday" rated the #1 weekly comedy show in Los Angeles, with comedy and burlesque sponsored by Hustler Hollywood. 
Camilo & Filho Lda.|1995|A comedy series about a middle aged man and his elderly father who run an unsuccessful 'rag and bone' business (collecting and selling junk). Alberto (the son) wants to better himself but his father always seems to ruin things, sometimes accidentally and other times deliberately. The two live in poverty and the father has some disgusting habits which continue to embarrass the son. 
Caminhos de irmandade|2017|Concerned about the responsibility of having at hand the project that can sink the company of his girlfriend, Daniel records the route of the Portuguese Way to the border. He is accompanied by Margarida, but marks the distance with her. However, it seems that they both want to be together. 
Camino de Santiago|1999|Lieutenant Pereira is puzzled by the mysterious murder of a prostitute: it's the second time a woman has been found with her nose cut off, and a special plant known as a "goosefoot" placed beneath her corpse. Suspecting that the killer is basing his actions on the medieval board game of the Oca Brothers, Pereira asks Professor Rinaldi for help. His insight comes too late however: Tea, a young girl on a pilgrimage with a group of young offenders and their minder Leyva, is found murdered. 
Camouflage|1961|A game where two contestants vie for the chance at guessing a certain object well hidden inside a larger white on black negative line drawing. True or false questions are first asked in rapid succession, and the contestant that guesses enough right answers gets a chance at "seeing" the object and pointing out where it's hidden with a pointer. As each succeeding effort fails, part of the puzzle is removed until it becomes more and more obvious where the camouflaged item is. 
Camp Camp|2016|Camp Campbell is visited by the Camp Critic Committee, and David is ready to impress them and win the prestigious (to him) Counselor of the Year Award. But when rain hits and all the campers are forced to stay in the mess hall, David must make new plans. Meanwhile, Nikki and Max search for Neil, who has gone missing. 
Camp Lakebottom|2013|The kids must halt all partying at once, lest they summon the Party Animal to Lakebottom. And when he parties down, he REALLY parties down!/The kids befriend a lost circus elephant, only to discover it's part of Doofus the Clown's over-complicated plan to take over Camp Lakebottom. 
Camp Lazlo!|2005|Edward enjoys parenthood after he lays an egg. Slinkman follows the "Squirrel Scout Manual Book". 
Camp Rock the Tasman|2009|Australia V New Zealand in a trans-Tasman musical clash. Two groups of highly talented performers go head to head to perform, choreograph and record their own version of a hit song from Disney Channel's hit movie Camp Rock. But that's not all... a bigger prize awaits for the winners of this reality series. 
Camp Runamuck|1965|Camp Runamuck for boys was located on one side of a lake, and the girls of Camp Divine were on the other side. The boys and girls constantly played pranks on each other, often joined by the counselors. 
Camp Wilder|1992|Ricky Wilder has been through a bad marriage and is now raising a young daughter. When her parents die, she moves back to her old home to be the guardian to her two teen-age siblings. As if that wasn't difficult enough, her brother's eccentric best friend always drops in to add to the hilarity. 
Camp Woodward|2008|Damonte hits up the Rail To Foam feature in The Playground, Meagan and Mariah try tre flips in Outdoor Street and CJ skates Egypt with Jack, Zepp and Tazzy Danny. After dark a huge session comes together at The Cage to celebrate Candy's last day at camp for the summer. 
Camp|2013|Little Otter Family Camp opens for the summer and director Mackenzie Granger (Rachel Griffiths) is facing challenges - including a recent divorce, pressure to keep the camp afloat and a tempting buyout offer from the upscale resort across the lake. 
Campaign|1988|A six-part drama series set in an advertising agency. It focuses on Sarah Copeland, a rising copywriter who is pitching for a prestigious account. This series is one of a number documenting the unique social and economic conditions in south-east England during the 1980s economic boom. 
Campamento Newton para NiÒos Extraordinarios|2017|Sara returns to Camp Newton shortly after the death of her father. There he meets Alex, Oliver and Andy, and in the first night of the summer they find a small ET named Hoshi, who disguise himself as a child, hiding from the Czajkowski brothers and the International Space Agency that is trying to capture him. 
Campanadas desde la puerta del sol|1962|In Spain, since the 1920s, it is a tradition to celebrate the New Year with the sound of the bell of the clock in La Puerta del Sol, which is just in front of the point where all roads in Spain start, "the km 0", by eating 12 grapes, one for each bell sound. This tradition starts when, one year, there was too much production of grapes. The producers talked about "the lucky grapes", and gave them for free to celebrate the New Year. This tradition has gone more and more popular. Nowadays there is no Spaniard that doesn't follow this tradition. In the past, until 1962, radio broadcasting made possible for everybody to follow the sound of the bell and eat the grapes. Since 1962, TVE made the tradition even more closer giving it the image of the clock. It is not until 1991 that there have been hosts to this event, before there were only voice commentators. Since 1991, we also see the host that guide us in the way the clock works and how we have to eat the grapes. It is a live transmission that cannot be avoided if you are in Spain, all broadcasting channels connect with the clock when New Year is about to begin. 
Campbell Live|2005|When their Indonesian boat sank and no rescue came, Nelson couple Tony Lawton and Gaylene Wilkinson swum for shore, which took them eight hours to make it; A 15-year-old Wellington student has just won a scholarship to Space Camp in Alabama - the amazing thing is that she is totally blind; and Human rights photographer Robin Hammond's work has been published around the world - it is powerful enough to have him banned from Zimbabwe and Egypt. 
Campbell Playhouse|1952|In a small Pennsylvania town of the turn of the century, an independent and sympathetic druggist operates a haven for all the town characters. He comes to the aid of old Miss Harrington, who is trying to convince the community that she recently had a successful European concert career. 
Campbellton Rd|2016|Preston and his client Bigger try to figure out a conversation Lorenzo is having about his nuts until Lucy shows up. Also, Crazy Larry, Preacher Bob, Venice Beach and Nurse Sandy visit the house preventing Preston from setting up for his next massage client. 
Campeche, Un tesoro abierto al tiempo. Segunda parte|2007|During the 17th century, the port of Campeche --a treasure-filled city facing the sea-- was continuously under attack by pirate ships. Today the state of Campeche continues to be an invaluable treasure chest of national and global heritage. This program provides a visual tour of this fascinating legacy: the ancient Maya city of Calakmul, the wealth of flora and fauna found in the biosphere reserves, as well as its own architectural trademark: the walled city of Campeche. 
Campion|1989|Albert Campion --a bespectacled aristocrat of many pseudonyms, who moves amongst the high class as easily as the the crime underworld-- loves detection and adventure. Aided by his burglar-turned-manservant Magersfontein Lugg, and his policeman friend Stanislaus Oates, Campion unravels eight mysteries over the course of the series. Set in the 1930s, the series is based upon the works of English crime writer Margery Allingham. 
Campione!|2012|Some people find religion, but for 16-year-old Godou Kusanagi, it's religion that's found him! As the result of defeating the God of War in mortal combat, Godou received the position of Campione, or God Slayer, whose duty is to fight Heretical Gods whenever and wherever they appear and start changing things to suit themselves, usually at the expense of the people in the area. Not only is this likely to make Godou begin his recognition in Heaven, it's also a job that comes along with a lot of other problems. One of the problems would be to deal with the fact that his enhanced status keeps attracting attention and difficult girls. In particular, the demonically manipulative sword-mistress Erica Blandelli, who strongly and extremely forwardly expresses her love for him, which usually creates awkward and misunderstood situations for him. (Campione is the Italian word for Champion. Everyone calls God Slayers Campione as the earliest known record describing the Campione was written by an Italian, hence the Italian form is used by everybody regardless of nationality.) 
Campmeeting U.S.A.|1984|This lively music and preaching program features popular gospel music artists, well-known guest preachers and Christian speakers. Recorded in front of a live audience, host Paul Ferrin serves up an hour of family friendly fun and inspiration. 
Campus Beauty|2016|The story is about Yu Tang, which is an ancestral descendant of Tang, who in ancient times made a heroic sacrifice. Tang Yu, in the present, accidentally finds a bottle containing a medicinal power, which gives the incredible ability to heal others. 
Campus Cops|2015|For the past 2 months Officers Ben and Mickey have been in pursuit of the criminal known as 'Graffiti Guy'. When the Chancellor calls in F.U.C.A.S.S Agents Sam and Elle to the scene, it becomes a race against time to see who'll solve the case first. 
Campus Crimes|2016|This series follows the lives of 3 college friends from different backgrounds with different interests and plans after graduation. The main character is an African American young lady from the rough inner city who has aspirations to become an FBI agent. 
Campus Hoopla|1946|This was a combination sports/variety program aimed at teenagers. The setting was a soda shop and the program had "cheerleaders" and "students" who talked about sports, sang, danced to music from a jukebox and had quizzes. The sports was narrated by Bob Stanton, an NBC sportscaster. 
Campus Nightmares|2014|Undergrads and faculty with murder in their hearts, will do anything to preserve their dark secrets. Campus Nightmares brings us first-hand accounts of the perpetrators behind America's most shocking campus murders. Gallaudet Murders (Season1, Episode2 2014) Episode Synopsis: The 2000 murder of Eric Plunkett and the 2001 murder of Benjamin Varner at Gallaudet University, a school for the deaf in Washington, D.C., are the focus. Each episode details the compelling stories of an American college student whose life was cut short at the hand of a killer. From dorm room encounters gone awry to teacher-student relationships gone bad, earning a degree can sometimes prove to be deadly. 
Campus Security|2012|After being publicly humiliated by the frat boys of UC Santa Monica, Campus Security must form a truce, or risk unemployment. But when the two sides can't agree on terms, or on what the word "truce" means, they take it to the streets: unlicensed Segway Race style. 
Campus Vampire|2018|After being banished to a 1,000 year sleep for his crimes against the vampire race, vampire Vlad Dracuola, the most feared vampire slayer of all time, is awakened in a tiny college town to hunt down the youngest vampire to break the vampire council's sacred rules- turning humans into vampires without the council's permission. Vlad's greatest adventure? Waking up in time for lecture, turning in his homework on time, and trying not to eat his classmates...all while hunting down the 'bad guy.' Oh, yeah...Vlad's got a great granddaughter to deal with too. This campus SUCKS. 
Campus Vets|2004|A golden retriever named Bessie is suffering seizures and the vet team traces the problem to the dog's liver. The owners must cope with their beloved dog's fatal illness. While student Suzanne Smith is on the ER shift, a cocker spaniel arrives that's eaten a whole bag of nachos and a bottle of his owner's vitamin supplements. One of the clinic's resident veterinarians is assigned to the case of a constipated cat with a potentially serious bowel obstruction. A young horse is rushed into emergency after she impaled herself in the groin with a metal shaft. 
Campus|2009|Matt has to bed management consultant George so that she will go easy on down-sizing at Kirke. She is initially resistant but eventually succumbs. Unfortunately by this time Matt and Imogen discover that, for all their initial mutual hostility, they are actually very fond of each other and, seeing Matt go off with George, Imogen beds young Flat-Pack on the rebound. Jason tries to dump his girl-friend over the phone to go out with Nicole but ends up proposing to her whilst Lydia is so unpopular that nobody will go on holiday with her to spare her the single person supplement. 
Can They Get Away with It?|2017|Contestants are randomly selected off the streets to guess whether or not Kandra and her sidekick Toby can get away with something absurd! If Contestants guess correctly, they win great prizes such as cruises! If the guess wrong, they get to laugh a lot! 
Can We Get Married?|2012|The drama revolves around a mother who gets involved in her daughters' marriages which causes more harm than good. Deul Ja (Lee Mi Sook) is a strong, meddling mother with daughters to marry off. She owns a cosmetics store and raises her two daughters on her own. She considers money the most valuable thing in the world - which makes her single-minded in the pursuit of prospective son-in-laws. Her own marriage experience was unhappy, so she's set on making sure it's different for her children. She marries off the elder daughter to a doctor, then turns her attention to the younger daughter, Hye Yoon (Jung So Min) but only to have the daughter reveal that she wants marry to an ordinary salary man, Jung Hoon (Sung Joon). 
Can We Help?|2006|The segments: LOST & FOUND: We undertake searches and reunite long-lost family and friends. HELP WANTED: If you or somebody you know needs help with something, anything at all - whether it's big or small - then we are up for it. Ask away! HELPERS: We celebrate the work of dedicated and hard working Helpers in our community. PETE INVESTIGATES: Send our host on a challenge. WISE WORDS: Expert linguist Kate Burridge tackles your wordy questions. THEN & NOW: Explore the history of certain objects and pastimes. IN THE HOME: Ask our expert presenters a question in the fields of Health, Science, Pets and the Environment Can We Help? connects families and communities through an eclectic mix of stories and segments. We have a team of dedicated researchers and producers with access to expert contacts in many different fields and the amazing treasure of the ABC archives. We can find out what it is you want to know and we love a good challenge. 
Can You Imagine That!|2015|Can You Imagine That! is created for kids, by kids. Featuring 52 children who get to live out their biggest future career dreams - to become a firefighter, veterinarian, or archaeologist - Can You Imagine That! places kids within their own animated drawings, letting them tell the story of their own dream career. 
Can You Not?|2014|Preston has invited his date, Summer, and her friend, Kerry, over to his apartment for a double date with himself and his roommate, Jake. Unfortunately, Jake tries a little too hard to impress the ladies and, in the process, jeopardizes the entire evening for both guys. 
Can't Get a Date|2006|A reality style documentary series about various New Yorkers who, for whatever reason, cannot successfully find love. They are submitted to makeovers and lifestyle changes in the hopes that by effecting positive change they will have an easier time finding romance. A variety of New Yorkers from various backgrounds but with one thing in common - that they can't get a date - submit themselves to the evaluation of strangers in an attempt to change themselves into dateworthy people. 
Can't Hurry Love|1995|Four friends live in a occasional peaceful co-existence in New York. Love-seeking Annie; womanizing Roger; and married Elliot work together in a Manhattan personnel agency trying to get by any way they can. Didi, a sexy divorcÈe, attempts to give Annie and the others advice any way she can in the do's and don'ts of dating. 
Can't Live Without You|2012|Jang In-Ja (Kim Hae-Sook) and Kim Poong-Gi (Joo Hyun) has owned a porridge restaurant for more than 30 years. They have a grandmother, 3 sons, 1 daughter, 1 daughter-in-law and grandson. In the past, Jang In-Ja had tough time because her husband had an affair and a son Chi-Do (Do Ji-Han) from that affair. Jang In-Ja accepted the young boy as her own son and raised him. Suddenly, situations occur that the family never expected. Their second son Min-Do (Park Yoo-Hwan), who aspires to become a movie director, suddenly announces he is getting married. Their first son Sang-Do (Jo Yeon-Woo), who is married, has an affair and now wants to divorce his wife In-Hye (Park Eun-Hye). The family begins to panic. 
Canaan|2009|This show centers on three women and their connections to one-another and an upcoming anti-terrorism summit in ShangHai, China. One of them is Canaan, a Middle Eastern assassin and mercenary. Another Another is Alphard, Canaan's rival and also a skilled assassin and mercenary who heads a terrorist orginization called Snake. The final girl Maria ’sawa, a victim of an attempted biological terrorist attack in the streets of Shibuya two years previous. Their encounters lead armed interventions between Alphard and Canaan with a deep and tragic history common. 
Canada Crew|2017|Bebe and Mo go on their tablet to learn about all the different foods grown across Canada, and visit Chef Susur Lee at his restaurant Lee to learn how to make a delicious salad, while Gavin visits New Brunswick to learn how to harvest cranberries. 
Canada Russia '72|2006|In 1972, a historical ice hockey game tournament is arranged where the cream of Canada's professional stars of the National Hockey League would play against the best of the Soviet Union's. Although Canada and the USSR have faced off repeatedly on the amateur level before, most of Canada is smugly convinced that the Soviets will be no match for the pros. However, that assumption is forcefully shot down when Team Canada is soundly trounced in the first game by the skilled Soviet Union team. What follows is a bitter struggle as Team Canada fights to recover in a series that would change Canadian hockey's self-image and history forever. 
Canada's Greatest Know It All|2012|For each season of the show, a group of self-professed know-it-alls are recruited to be competitors to determine who is Canada's Greatest Know-It-All. The tasks the competitors are asked to do tests not only their knowledge in a wide range of topic areas, but often how to apply that knowledge in achieving a desired end goal better or faster than their fellow competitors. In each elimination, the competitors are either placed into teams or work as individuals in two specific challenges. For each of the two challenges, one person from the losing team or the losing competitor if they are working as individuals is sent to the danger zone for potential elimination. In the danger zone, the two competitors generally face off head-to-head in another individual challenge, the loser who is eliminated from the competition. The last competitor standing is crowned Canada's Greatest Know-It-All for that season. 
Canada's Handyman Challenge|2012|In this episode, the top fifteen handyman hopefuls travel to Toronto and are divided into teams for a wallpaper challenge. After two hours, two contestants are sent home. The second challenge will have the contestants prepare and hang a mirror to precisely match previously hung paintings on a mock living room wall. They will have one hour to complete the challenge and the worst job will have one more contestant hanging up their tool belt. 
Canada's Smartest Person|2014|In each of a series of preliminary competitions, a set of contestants are given a set of challenges designed to test their abilities in one or more of the following intelligence concepts: linguistic, logical, musical, physical, social and visual. For each challenge, the contestants are provided a score based on their rank against their fellow contestants. After the first set of challenges, the two contestants with the highest scores head into the final mega-challenge testing their abilities in all six areas. There is also an interactive component where viewers at home can play along and match their intelligence against the competitors and the rest of Canada in real time. All the preliminary competition winners of the mega-challenge are brought back for the finale, those contestants who go through a similar but different set of challenges. The winner of the finale is named Canada's Smartest Person. 
Canada's Worst Driver|2005|Nominated by friends and relatives who accompany them on their journey, eight Canadians are chosen each season of the series potentially to be named Canada's Worst Driver. The eight are sent to the Driver's Rehabilitation Centre where symbolically they are stripped of their car keys and/or driver's license. They are then subjected to a two-week session of driving challenges to test their driving skill and knowledge, each challenge first performed by the host, a self-professed average driver, to demonstrate that the challenge can be completed successfully. They are also provided assistance in improving their driving by a panel of experts. Each episode presents three challenges. Starting at the end of the season's second episode, the experts evaluate how each has done, and "graduates" one person per episode, the graduate getting back his/her keys/driver's license and allowed to drive away from the Centre. At the end of the two weeks on the season's finale where three drivers remain, each is subjected to an on-road test through a busy downtown city situation. After that, one of the remaining three will be named Canada's Worst Driver. Eight of Canada's worst drivers and the people who nominated them are brought to an abandoned army base in Picton, Ontario. Their car keys are confiscated, and they must participate in a series of challenges to improve their driving skills. Each week, the most improved driver "graduates" and is allowed to go home. The last one left is granted the dubious title of Canada's Worst Driver. 
Canada's Worst Handyman|2006|The clock is ticking and with one final episode remaining the title of Canada's Worst Handyman is in someone's future. The five attempt to finish their heart shaped tubs by trying their hand at tiling. Then, they attempt to build romantic four poster beds out of scaffolding pipes and brackets. Next, our loveable handymen are asked to name their honeymoon suite and create a name plaque for their suite using a router. Finally, the group reconvenes in the soon-t-be Couple's Spa and things begin to heat up as they try to create a steam sauna. By the time the sauna cools, one handyman is named Most Improved and another is hammered with the title of this episode's Worst. 
Canada: A People's History|2000|This series presents the comprehensive history of Canada. Through dramatizations and detailed documentation, we see the development of this country from the Native American nations to contemporary times as we explore what made this country what it is. 
Canada: The Story of Us|2017|It's the dawn of the 20th century and Canada's population is exploding. For many Canadians living in urban centres, this growth comes at cost. Deadly diseases plague cities. Labour strikes lead to violent conflict. Through boom times and bust, Canadians struggle to improve their lives and learn to care for others. 
Canadian Comedy Shorts|1999|The Boston brothers have a unique talent - breaking world records. From longest blindfolded bike ride to constructing a house of pickles, the Boston brothers can do it all. Now, the duo are faced with the ultimate challenge - setting the world record for the most world records ever broken. 
Canadian Pickers|2011|Featuring a little-known side of the antiques business, join the Canadian Pickers for an incredible coast-to-coast adventure as they rummage through barns, basements, attics and sheds in search of rusty gold, and encounter some incredible people and stories along the way. Professional 'pickers' Sheldon Smithens and Scott Cozens will buy anything from motorbikes and memorabilia, to Mission furniture and military heirlooms. This new series is their nation-wide treasure hunt for vintage collectibles, antiques and junk that their owners may not even know is valuable. 
Canal Road|2007|Canal Road is a mystery drama series set in a thriving medical-legal centre in the heart of Melbourne. The staff at Canal Road all have secrets, some dark and dangerous, others light and humorous. Canal Road is the crucible were these secrets collide. Where friendships and loyalties are tested. Where mysteries bubble to the surface. And the skeletons from the past return to haunt people. 
CanapÈ|1997|Stylish and modern, "Canape" is the only program entirely devoted to French cultural events in New York and the United States. This monthly half-hour show includes exhibitions, film releases, book translations, festivals, ballets, concerts and theater productions. "Canape" is one of the few French programs to appear on American television. "Canape" has received two nominations for a New York Emmy Award in the category of Arts programming in 2003 and 2004. The show is produced by CUNY-TV and the Cultural Services of the French Embassy. 
Cancer & the City|2012|CANCER & THE CITY (C&TC) focuses on the moving story of Rae Leung, a 35-year-old Chinese Australian who works and lives in Hong Kong, and who suffers from an as-yet incurable type of cancer. Rae was diagnosed with cancer at the tender age of 31, but her optimistic and irreverent attitude in the face of adversity is inspirational to her friends and fellow patients alike. With a typical life expectancy of only a few months, Rae fights to win her battle. 
Cancer: The Emperor of All Maladies|2015|Based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning book by Siddhartha Mukherjee, this three-part series tells the complete story of cancer, from its first description in an ancient Egyptian scroll to the gleaming laboratories of modern research institutions. At six hours, the film interweaves a sweeping historical narrative; with intimate stories about contemporary patients; and an investigation into the latest scientific breakthroughs that may have brought us, at long last, to the brink of lasting cures. 
Candice Checks It Out|2002|Unlike her previous cable-TV interview series, Exhale With Candice Bergen, actress Bergen wasted little time with the standard, sedate couch-and-desk format on Candice Checks It Out. Instead, the host emulated both Charles Kuralt and George Plimpton, going on the road in search of courageous women who lived "on the edge," and as often as possible participated in her guests' adventurous activities. Among the professionals profiled on the series were female astronauts, wild-animal trainers, "ladies who luge," bungie-jumpers, street performers, and even dominatrixes. In other words, it was Murphy Brown for real. 
Candice Renoir|2013|The story circles around French police officer Commandant Candice Renoir and her team solving different crime cases in a harbor city of south France. Candice herself is a mother of 4 children and recently divorced. Her daily routine is between solving crimes, taking out fights with her much younger female police superior officer, getting her kids to school - in addition - handling their problems too and keeping her team in line. It's a very funny and witty series with a lot of french charm and intelligent story writing. Not another dull crime series all over again. It's like a fresh french breeze on the TV screen. Candice is like a female Columbo version in high heels, handbag pink scarf and a 9mm in her holster. 
Candice Tells All|2011|Candice and her crew remodel homes for people. They usually start by demolishing the part of the home that will be remodeled and after construction work is over, they decorate the space. They combine sequences of the construction work with personal life activities that may involve the home owners. The series is light hearted and does not provide too many details in terms of interior design, as other shows do. 
Candid Camera|1948|Unsuspecting people are placed in confusing, impossible, embarrassing, ridiculous, and hilarious positions, while their reactions are recorded on a hidden camera. 
Candid|2017|This Mock-umentary follows a group of obnoxious, yet tenacious individuals starting a hidden camera show. They soon find almost anything can stand in their way. From funding, to overzealous banana-men, will producer Jarom Smith ever get his show off the ground? 
Candidly Nicole|2014|Nicole is forced to say yes to life after being told by a psychic that she comes from a place of fear and negativity. As she "Yesses" her way through Los Angeles, Nicole interacts with aggressive yoga instructors, stand-up comics and fruit peddlers. Nicole also faces her fear of public speaking. 
Candle in the Tomb|2016|Can a woman trust tomb raiders to help her find her missing father? Shirley Yang ('Joe Chen (V)' (qv)) is an archaeologist who grew up in the United States. When she learns that her father has disappeared while exploring tombs, she returns to China to try to find her missing father. She meets Hu Bayi ('Dong Jin' (qv)), a tomb raider who learned the art of Feng Shui from an antique book that he inherited from his family and now has specialized knowledge of tomb configuration. 
Candy Bar Girls|2011|The Candy Bar is an iconic Soho drinking hole which attracts young hard-working lesbians searching for like-minded people who are looking for fun, laughter and love. This new reality show follows a group of London based lesbians attending the bar. 
Candy Cabs|2010|When Shazza Whitehead drops down dead in the supermarket it is more than a personal tragedy for her friends Elaine and Jackie as the trio were about to launch Candy Cabs,a fleet of pink taxis with all female drivers. The two partners decide to carry on,Elaine having remortgaged her house - unbeknown to husband Dave - to buy the cars though Jackie is struggling to stay in hers as ex-husband Barry has put it on the market. Thanks to handsome Tony McQueen from the Permits Bureau the girls are soon in business with only dippy Di,Dave's sister,failing her driver's exam. But things are not going all the girls' way.Dave moves out after learning what his wife has done, rival cab owner Kenny Ho is not pleased with the competition, a lie Jackie told on television to whip up custom comes back to bite her and Shazza's lazy estranged husband Dennis,by default her heir,ends up as a partner in Candy Cabs. 
Candy Girls|2009|The powerhouse talent agency, Bella, is known for being home to the hottest models in music videos. Platinum recording artist MIMS is shooting the video for his first release off his sophomore album and Danielle has booked all four girls for this gig. Danielle tells the girls she expects stellar performances and this puts pressure on new girl, Blanca since this will be her very first music video shoot. Danielle can't afford to have a weak link in the organization, and is naturally concerned about Blanca, but even feisty veteran model, Terricka could derail Danielle's plans for success. Terricka's outspoken nature comes into play while cameras are rolling, but will Danielle be able to contain the situation before it becomes an explosion? Meanwhile, Danielle's tireless work has helped her company take the top spot in Hollywood as the go-to girl for models. Danielle keeps up a demanding schedule of networking with directors and executives to make sure she and her girls stay on top. Working so hard may be covering up something else in her life - dealing with a beloved mother who is ill. Danielle's mother was diagnosed with Lupus, and her mom's health is a motivating force for Danielle's success. Proving to her mother that she is stable and doing well is what drives Danielle. During one of Danielle's busy weeks, her mother flies in to Los Angeles for a visit. Having her mother so close, will Danielle finally deal with her feelings about her mother's illness or will she continue to bury herself in her work? 
Candyland|????|In a town where vamps own the streets, Elvis is king, Santa has retired to his Harley, and the most hard ass son of a bitch to deal with is a Leprechaun named Cookie, its hard for a Werewolf to make an honest buck. But hey, a guy can dream. 
Cane|2007|Henry is not pleased with Dmitry and his bodyguards who run his club the way they want. When Henry tries to call the police when he sees them beat up a patron they turn on him and beat him up and get their pit-bull to attack him also. Alex goes to see Dmitry but he refuses to negotiate leaving Alex no option but to go to Little Havana and enlist the help of known criminal Ramon to gain justice. Ellis Samuels enlists the help of Michael Bronson to follow Alex. Rebecca is beginning to hate all the plans being put in place by Isabel and Amalia for her wedding to Jamie and asks Jamie to elope with her. Pancho meets an Australian master blender, Terry Greenway, at the International Rum Awards and suggests to his family that he wants her to replace him as Master Blender of Duque Rum. Pancho also refuses chemotherapy when he finds out that his tumors haven't shrank. Meanwhile, Isabel miscarries her baby. When Henry tells the Israeli-Russian 'investors' to stop selling illegal drugs in his club, their thugs and pit-bull beat and bite him in ER. Alex offers a sale, but is laughed away. Cuban gang lord Ramon Fausto obliges Alex by chasing the scum. Jaime's bride can't handle the Duque ladies's constant meddling with the grand wedding neither of them really wants, so she convinces him to elope to her Georgia home town. Army veteran Michael Bronson is hired by the Samuels family for permanent surveillance of Alex's moves, including a hidden camera in the Duque mansion. While Duque hosts the International Rum Awards, Pancho, who refuses vital chemotherapy, finds and hires an Australian successor as master blender. 
Cannabis: What's the Harm?|2010|The first of two programmes, James looks at the effects cannabis has on the streets of Britain. He meets a 17-year-old who smokes weed with his parents and a mum-of-three who uses cannabis to keep her emotions in check. He also speaks with people who are illegally growing cannabis for themselves and goes on patrol with a police drug squad as they clamp down on large-scale cannabis growers. Part of the Dangerous Pleasures season on BBC3. 
Cannes Eco 2012|2012|Cannes ECO is a sponsored TV Show filmed during the Cannes Film Festival. Its concept aims to enlighten the audience with a behind-the-scenes look into how the critically acclaimed productions of the Cannes Film Festival are financed. Our innovative content will be based on the financing and economics of a variety of different film productions that are all taking part in the 2012 Festival. It will include the participation of producers, distributors, bankers, insurance organizations, and other finance-based associates working within the world of cinema. 
Cannes Moments|2009|Episode 1 - In The Beginning From its establishment as a response to Mussolini's control of the Venice Film Festival, Cannes becomes the hub and inspiration for the world of film. Stars such as Grace Kelly, Orson Welles, Elizabeth Taylor flock to the seaside town and Brigitte Bardot lights up the croisette. Episode 2 - Rebellious Times The festival faces a new chapter during the political upheavals of the 60s. The French New Wave, including Francois Truffaut and Jean-Luc Godard, leave its mark on the festival, ushering in an innovative, modern form of cinema. The likes of Martin Scorsese and Robert Altman follow suit and become Cannes favourites, while Sophia Loren is annointed new queen of the festival. Episode 3 - Now and Then The rise of glamour and prestige. Coppola, Tarantino, Mike Leigh talk about the festival's enduring popularity and unique status as the place for the world's most renowned filmmakers to show their work. 
Cannibal Girl|2014|Recently dumped by her girlfriend, Ellie takes in a mysterious girl she found laying bloody on the side of the road. This girl, Kristen, has a dark secret. She needs to eat people and drink their blood to stay alive. Ellie soon discovers Kristen's secret and pledges to help find a cure to this curse. Romance blossoms and trouble ensues as they find themselves biting off a bit more than they can chew. 
Cannon|1971|The weekly adventures of Frank Cannon, an overweight, balding ex-cop with a deep voice and expensive tastes in culinary pleasures, who becomes a high-priced private investigator. Since Cannon's girth didn't allow for many fist-fights and gun battles (although there were many), the series substituted car chases and high production values in their place. 
Cannonball|1958|A hitchhiker overhears Mike and Jerry discussing their tiny but valuable cargo - a small piece of iradium worth $100,000 and decides to break into their truck and steal the rock. The thief doesn't realize that the iradium is radioactive and will kill anyone who carries it outside its lead box.for more than three hours. 
Canoa do Bagre|1997|Soap Opera taken place in a Fisherman's Village in the coast of the state of S„o Paulo. The Soap Opera was the first Soap Opera recorded by TV Record after a long period without Soap Operas in their programming. It was written by Ronaldo Ciambroni and Directed by Atilio Ricco. 
Canoe Live|2005|A "Live" innovative, revolutionary daily presentation of current affairs, news, entertainment and sports. Both a 're-active' and host driven show CANOE Live will un-cover the pulse of the city, nation and globe using technology and viewer participation. The goal is to connect the viewers emotionally and give them a sense of ownership and participation. To this end, the key will be to enlist and solicit Citizen Journalism and technology aided "rich media". Through the use and presentation of email, cell phone photos and video, participation in on-line polls, chats and forums, the viewer will take a role in the show by acting as the catalyst for discussion and presentation of issues. 
Canoga Park|2007|A sickened U.S. soldier's dying wish convinces American Insertions Receptionist Judy Bakeman to come out of porn retirement and have sex with him on live TV. Mitch makes it a Pay-Per-View event, 'Booty Calls,' featuring a porn star variety show. 
Canon Solutions America Presents: The Connection|2016|In a print, digital, and cinematic marketing campaign, the story of three Canon Solution America's clients unfold. We follow their best applications from end-to-end and learn about the success of print and what it means to be a partner of Canon Solutions America. 
Canopy Kings|2017|Custom treehouse builder, Django Kroner, and his Canopy Crew team take on a new treehouse build just outside Lexington, Kentucky. Challenged by his clients' request to get them over 70 feet into the tree, Django gets creative with a solution that takes him to the circus. Back at the tree, Django and the guys battle Mother Nature to take the build higher than they've ever gone! 
Cantabridgia|2014|Emery, a listless 23 year-old post art school grad, loses his residency and grants after he runs into a creative roadblock. His in-the-closet pseudo boyfriend, Alistair, is less than sensitive to his internal crises. Moreover, his three close friends, Gerard, Dominic, and Brody are gradually growing apart. Will Emery emerge from his creative roadblock, or will his distractions keep him from becoming the person he is meant to be? 
Cantar y reir|1974|Series of programs made specially for Christmases of 1975 and 1976, half an hour of duration. "Cantar y Reir" it does not have the same structure of "El Gran Circo de TVE". These special programs are emission of Monday through Friday, for the afternoons. In season 1976, the absence of FofÛ, died in June of that year is remarkable. 
Canterbury Tales|2003|Cell-mates Ace and Paul have been best friends since childhood but the arrival at their prison of attractive civilian teacher Emily drives a wedge between them when both lads fall for her. Ace is released first and the obsessed Paul stages an escape in order to get to Emily before him. This leads to a confrontation and a tragic end for one of them. 
Canterbury's Law|2008|Elizabeth takes on the case of Louis Minot accused of murder. Minot claims that he used his "special powers" to find the body of a missing man. Even though everyone disagrees with her, she believes he's innocent. But, it may be because she wants to believe him when he says he has information about her missing son Sam. 
Cantinflas, Su excelencia el peladito|2001|Mario Moreno Reyes, the creator of one the most outstanding comic characters in Mexico during the twentieth century, gave a voice to Cantinflas, the unique little poor guy from the neighborhood who, perfecting the art of not saying anything, achieved, better than anybody, true communication with the audience. 
Canvassing!|2011|Meet Thom. Thom is a recent graduate with no applicable skills and no job prospects. Desperate to find a purpose, he enters the mysterious world of political canvassing, where he meets a team of bizarre yet passionate idealists. Despite his reservations, Thom finds himself making friends, forging enemies, chasing "the girl" and ...actually caring about the cause. See Thom grow. 
Cap South|2013|Wave Michaels presses Gracie for answers about the budding "Draft Gracie" movement and she cuts him down, much to the delight of her staff and the constituents. Meanwhile, Remington Dixwell returns to the office to terrorize Elliott, setting the stage for a knock-down, drag-out fight for the future of Big Wind. 
Cap-aux-sorciers|1955|Spectacle de folklore dramatisÈ prÈsentant des contes et lÈgendes du monde entier tels que narrÈs par le capitaine Aubert, un vieux loup de mer de Cap-aux-Sorciers qui organise chaque semaine dans son manoir une veillÈe ‡ laquelle prennent part garÁons et filles, voisins et amis. L'Èmission Èvolue par la suite pour raconter la vie et les moeurs des habitants de ce petit village de navigateurs de la rÈgion de Charlevoix. 
Capadocia|2008|The extraordinary beauty of an inmate known as 'The Columbian' lands her under the control of Bambi; Teresa is moved by the case of a young prisoner named Lorena; and a frivolous fashion show officially kicks off the production of Captive lingerie. 
Cape Town|2015|Cape Town. Police captain MAT JOUBERT used to be the best, solved every crime, got every killer. But that was a year ago, before his wife LARA was murdered while working undercover. Mat's been on a downward spiral ever since, haunted by a blurred past, uncertain which role he played in the murder of his wife. Now Mat is an out of shape chain smoker who is ambivalent about the crime-ridden world around him. But his new colonel is demanding full physical and mental conditioning for all cops, Mat included. Joubert has six months to shape up or ship out. This means: exercise, nutrition counseling, psychotherapy. Additionally, Mat is assigned a new partner, SANCTUS SNOOK, who is a former colleague of his wife Lara. Mat instinctively does not like the sleek ex-elite cop and has a hard time believing the pairing up is a coincidence. But when a successful businessman is found killed wearing an Albert Einstein mask, the two unlikely partners have a high profile murder investigation on their hands. When a second body is found wearing yet another mask, they realize they are tracking a serial killer. What is more, dead bodies of beautiful Eastern European models keep turning up. It's the beginning of a race against time. Gradually, Mat begins to overcome the ghosts of his past. But in order to stop the violence of his current cases he must re-live the nightmare of his wife's murder. 
Caper|2014|Millionaire playboys who spend their money dressing up to fight crime? Pure fantasy - the truth is that today's hard working superheroes rarely have much more than medals to show for their hard work, while a successful supervillain will be sitting pretty atop their ill-gotten gains. So this is the problem for a flat-sharing group of crime fighters, who save citizens everyday but get called deadbeats when they dodge another rent payment. With debts mounting, the fantastic foursome decide to temporarily turn bad in order to pull off a victimless (well, almost) heist and get some payback for all their hard work. Problem is, being villains isn't as easy as it looks. 
Capes: The Series|2012|Our intrepid adventurers still have not found any evil to thwart. As they try to prove themselves, they find that all the really good crime is already taken. Will they raise their rankings? Will Dominatrix make a good sandwich? Will Balding Man and Slush be able to withstand the onslaught of Metal Kry? Find out... now! 
Capitaine Marleau|2015|During Gilles Garin's youngest son's death anniversary, Elsa, the eldest son's nanny is shot. Unusual French policewoman - Captain Marleau investigates. The trails're numerous: Garin's wife? Elsa's boyfriend, Julien? A crazy, jealous woman in love with Gilles? Gilles himself - famous detective novel - throwing red-herrings in Marleau's path. Is Garin protecting someone? Captain Marleau - like a sniffer dog - will at the end find her innocent prey. 
Capital City|1989|Mirroring the bear-pit attitudes of the time, this series follows the upwardly-mobile hopefuls at London-based investment bank, Shane Longman, as they try to scramble up the corporate ladder, taking risks, eating up the pressure, and following their instincts in search of that elusive deal that will finally announce their arrival in the city. 
Capital Culture|2014|Capital Culture - This web series features four characters, based on young, creative females living in Wellington, New Zealand. Lennon is a fashionista, a self proclaimed style setter running her own blog while working part time in a vintage clothing store on Cuba Street. Imogen is a hospitality guru - a mixologist who lives for inventing the next innovative cocktail working as a bartender in a well known Cuba Street hangout. Willoughby is a singer/song writer and aspiring DJ who works in a cafe to pay the bills but life revolves around getting the next 'gig'. Frankie is a film maker, a Toi Whakaari drop out who wants to work on her own film projects and every spare moment is a chance to network. Each scene takes a satirical look into their daily lives. 
Capital News|1990|Short-lived television drama about newspaper reporters in Washington, D.C. With their careers on the line, they would do almost anything to get the scoop.... 
Capital Scandal|2007|This drama is set in the 1930's when Korea was under the rule of Japan. Na Yeo Kyeong was the owner of a book store and she was also a freedom fighter. Seon Woo Wan was the playboy son of a rich family and he became involved in the independence movement through a bet with his co-workers to win Na Yeo Kyeong's heart. His father paid for the education of his worker's son, Lee Soo Hyeon, and was disappointed to find him working for the Security Branch of the Japanese government. Cha Song Joo was a famous gisaeng who ran a high class brothel. 
Capital Style Files|2016|Ottawa is enjoying a major make-over. High-end shopping and eye-catching fashion are now staples on busy street corners and evening galas. Katrina Turnbull takes you to exclusive events and talks to some of the most head-turning trend setters in the city. 
Capital Tonight|2011|Capital Tonight is an extension of the interviews, debates, analysis and commentary seen on our nightly political show, Capital Tonight. We invite you to join the discussion. Capital Tonight airs live every night at 7 p.m. with a replay at 11 p.m. 
Capital|2015|The residents of an affluent street in London are busy getting on with their lives, when suddenly something very strange happens. Every house in the street has an identical, mysterious postcard pushed through their letterboxes that simply states "WE WANT WHAT YOU HAVE". At first, the residents of Pepys Road dismiss the notes as some sort of marketing campaign but gradually as events begin to escalate it becomes clear that there is something more to this strange occurrence than something as mundane as that. 
Capitales del Futbol|2011|Capitales del F˙tbol is both a travel documentary and a sports feature. The program's main mission is to document how the sport of football had the power to shape some of the world's great capitals/destinations. While featuring superstars such as Xavi, Ronaldinho and Sergio Ag¸ero, the program's core narrative is centered on the passion surrounding each city's derby. The show also uses the sport as a gateway for viewers to further understand other facets of each city, whether it is the history, culture or other sociological aspects. Additionally, the viewer is able to discover or re-discover each city as a travel destination. 
Capitali culturali d'Europa|1983|Seventeen experts on history and arts deliver brief lessons on their favorite subjects, considered the most relevant to cover nine hundred years of Portuguese culture. The camera shows from a distance, or in minute detail, the monuments or art pieces considered, or even the texts discussed by the narrators, reenacted on stage or recited by actors. 
Capitalism|2014|In the early days of the system, that came to be known as Capitalism, political economists of all stripes struggled to understand the laws that govern the flow of capital - and of Capitalism's related activities. As a result, a critical assessment and sketchy understanding of how Capitalism worked began to emerge. But in recent times, as the system, and the world, has grown a hundredfold more complex we have veered away from the pursuit of any clear, critical understanding of the phenomenon. Economic departments in most major universities in the English-speaking world have abolished courses in the history of Economic and political economy. We are left with incomprehensible mathematical models whose relevance to the real world is hotly disputed. We were told very little about Adam Smith, David Ricardo and Thomas Malthus yet their names have been used to give legitimacy to contemporary economic activities. To further obscure the issues, this ´ econo speak ª has been supplemented by endless superficial news reports, pundits discussions and analysis filled with clichÈs and superficial information. Our series intends to puncture this veil of opacity to go beyond the current ´ econo- speak ª to re examine the ideas which have been used in the past 40 to reshape the world. Is today's economic crisis a temporary blimp on the road to progress or a symptom of a deeper crisis of the system as a whole? Can the big ideas of the at the heart of our Economic system help us understand today's economic crisis, or obscure it? And more importantly - can they show us a way out? Where does capitalism come from? Did it evolve through the normal course of our societies or was it born from theories elaborated by political changes and technologies? This 6 part series is an in-depth investigation shot in over 22 countries that challenges the fathers of capitalism and the established ideas and principles of the system. 
Capitol Critters|1992|When the young mouse, Max's family is killed by exterminators, he is forced to move to his Aunt's home under the White House in Washington D.C.. There he finds life more lively than he ever thought possible with his friends, the crusading Berkeley, the roguish Jammit, the frazzled and periodically exploding Muggle the Lab Rat, and Moze, the hip cockroach as they go about their lives in the US President's residence. 
Capitol|1982|This daytime serial dramatized the power struggles and personal machinations between two feuding political families the wealthy Cleggs and middle-class McCandlesses. Storylines developed from the star-crossed romance between Julie Clegg and Tyler McCandless, which re-activated a lifetime feud between their respective families. In the series' final year, the political intrigue expanded internationally, as several characters became involved in the problems of the war-torn, Middle Eastern nation of Baraqu. 
Capit„es da Areia|1989|Freely adapted from Jorge Amado's novel, "Capit„es de Areia" tells the story of very young outsiders, homeless children and teenagers, living in Salvador, State of Bahia, Brazil. Harassed by the police, their only friend is a priest, who tries to understand them. 
Capkovy kapsy|2010|The series entitled Capek's Pockets represents a novel and unique student project in which talented young directors and experienced scriptwriters came together to produced their rendering of Tales from One Pocket and Tales from the Other Pocket by the outstanding Czech writer Karel Capek. Rather than experimenting with the model, its authors sought to "put new life" into the classical piece of literature, and commemorate Capek's great mastery as a writer and thinker. The tales with crime plots of a humorous slant are situated in the 1920s and 1930s, and their protagonists are not big criminals but petty thieves or little crooks. And the detective is an ordinary man, too. The main focus is always on capturing the diversity of personality types - people whom their life situation forces to deal with things the way they do. 
Caprica|2009|With his company's stock falling in price and unable to meet the contract to provide 100,000 Cylon robots in a month, Daniel Graystone has no choice but to sell his sports team to Tomas Vergis. With only a week to deliver the duplicated MCPs, he also decides to wipe the chip clean and mass produce a blank copy. Daniel's decision forces Zoe to reveal herself. Sister Clarice decides to face Barnabas and the internal challenge to her leadership of the STO head on. Barnabas isn't going to take it lying down and he comes through for Lacy but he expects her to perform a task for him. Amanda's mental condition continues to deteriorate. Sam is concerned about Joseph's apparent addiction to the v-world. Emmanuelle confronts Tamara in an effort to get her to help her father and her solution is quite drastic. 
Capricious Race|????|Elisa (35) decides to undergo artificial insemination and become a single mom. All her plans change completely as she discovers she carries not one baby, but two. This dramatic news causes her to have a nervous breakdown and she decides to go in search of the father of the twins. 
Caps Club|2013|Sjoerd van Hulle becomes police chief in a Dutch town, so he moves there with his family and dog. His visually impaired son Tom soon makes friends at his new school. A tree house becomes their HQ and the first angel to the case father's professionals fail to solve: a series of crimes masterminded by someone whose henchman leave playing cards as his trademark. 
Captain 11|1955|"Welcome Captain 11! No one knew that a summer replacement kid's show would become the longest continuously running children's show in the world. Dave Dedrick patterned Captain 11 after a show of the same name in Minneapolis. That show was hosted by a young Jim Lange. With a new uniform and a set made from pinball machine parts, Dedrick transformed Captain 11 into the most recognizable face in KELOLAND. Each day children would flock to the KELOLAND studios to be on the Captain 11 show. Later mothers and grandmothers would bring their kids to the show. Always drawing a crowd, Captain 11 made thousands of appearances across KELOLAND. Today, Captain 11's set and uniform are on display at the Cultural Heritage Center in Pierre. The testament to the impact Captain 11 had on the history of our state and our lives" - Keloland News post March 7, 2015, 60th Anniversary special. 
Captain Abercromby|2002|After Abercromby, who is raised by his grandfather, hears the tale of how his Grandpa lost his watch, which was given to him by Abercromby's mother, he dreams that he is a captain of a sea ship, the "Hope", and that he is on a mission to find the watch. Each show would open with Abercromby's Grandpa telling his story, in a green wooden bedroom surrounded by characters and props which later fill out the cast of Abercromby's dreams much like in Jim Henson's Labyrinth. A suit of armor in the corner (Arthur), a carved mermaid (Siren) and the tree outside (Great Oak). The following shots showed Abercromby climbing into bed (with Pointdexter on the end) and going to sleep, saying "I'll find that watch one day", entering the dream world of the show and starting the title sequence. After Abercromby, who is raised by his grandfather, hears the tale of how his Grandpa lost his watch, which was given to him by Abercromby's mother, he dreams that he is a captain of a sea ship and that he is on a mission to find the watch. 
Captain Action|????|In 1966, Captain Action leapt into action as the original super hero action figure who had the ability to change into other superheroes, including Superman, Batman, Captain America, Spider-Man, the Lone Ranger, Tonto, Flash Gordon, Buck Rogers, Steve Canyon, Sgt. Fury and the Green Hornet. 
Captain America|1966|In 1941, Steve Rogers is the test subject of the top secret Operation: Rebirth. The experiment is a complete success with Steve Rogers' physiognomy suddenly raised to the maximum human potential. Unfortunately, at that triumph, the lead scientist was immediately assassinated by a Nazi spy and the formula was irretrievably lost. The US government, aware that war with Nazi Germany was imminent, decided to make the most of their resource by appointing Rogers as their propaganda symbol/government agent, Captain America. Armed only with an indestructible shield, we follow his adventures in World War II with his sidekick, Bucky. In addition, we follow his further adventures after he reemerges in contemporary times out of suspended animation to face all the threats to America and its ideals. 
Captain Barbell|2011|Five years after Captain Barbell and Nero's last battle, Nero comes back to spread darkness, this time with a league of supervillains tagged as "Pwersa ng Kadiliman (Forces of Evil)". Teng also gathered superheroes and under General Armando's command, formed "Liga ng Kalayaan" (Freedom Team). The "Liga ng Kalayaan" is composed of Teng / Captain Barbell, Misha / Blade, Anita / Cyclone, Alden / Spin, Kat / Fuega, Celina / Sonica, Teban / Anino, Lelay / Super Tiny, Agent Kyle / Shapeshifter. 
Captain Bret's Christian Movie Show|2006|Captain Bret's Christian Movie Show features independent Christian movie productions in many genres, including drama, documentary, music video, and animation. Most of these films have never been shown on television until now, and showcase the talent and inspiration of dozens of new independent Christian producers. 
Captain Butler|1997|The series is set during the 18th century during the Golden Age of Piracy and the Napoleonic Wars, and follows the adventures of a band of less than prolific pirates led by the cowardly Captain Butler (Craig Charles). The series introduces historical anachronisms, as both Blackbeard and Admiral Horatio Nelson are portrayed in the series for laughs.. 
Captain Cook: Obsession and Discovery|2007|This documentary tells the real story of the life & times of Captain James Cook; the greatest explorer in history who discovered Australia & New Zealand. His 3 great voyages of discovery pushed the borders of the British Empire to the ends of the Earth. 
Captain David Grief|1957|The captain has good news for Madame Gideaux, stones found at her island plantation are uncut gems, and she can make a fortune, but a murderous bunch of thieves have taken over the estate, holding her and her daughter hostage, and fire on grief and his men as they approach. 
Captain Fathom|1965|The adventures of Captain Fathom and his submarine, the ARGONAUT. His crew-members are Cookie, Ronnie, Scotty, Miss Perkins and Flip the porpoise (sounds familiar). Like Cambria's earlier series, Space Angel and Clutch Cargo, this was filmed in their innovative SYCHRO-VOX process combining real mouths with animated pictures. 
Captain Flinn and the Pirate Dinosaurs|2015|CAPTAIN FLINN AND THE PIRATE DINOSAURS is an animated television series of 52 x 11 minute episodes based on the picture books 'Captain Flinn and the Pirate Dinosaurs', written by Giles Andreae and illustrated by Russell Ayto. It is a fantastical action-adventure comedy for a 6 to 9 year old target audience. Each episode is full of swashbuckling fun where four kids, Flinn, Pearl, Tom and Violet set sail on a pirate ship to keep the despicable, prehistoric, pirate dinosaur baddies from doing wrong. These four seafarers boldly go where no young ones have gone before in silly pirate adventures full of vivid action and laugh out loud physical fun. 
Captain Gallant of the Foreign Legion|1955|Bennet flees when the secretary of a murdered holy man finds him standing over the murdered man's body with rubies in his hand. Captain Gallant receives word that the suspect is hiding in the local sheik's house while a crowd of angry men threaten to break in the door and kill him. Gallant persuades the throng to allow him to take the accused man back to the Foreign Legion's fort to stand trial, but when the prisoner escapes, Gallant is accused of treachery. 
Captain Harry Jackson|2008|Captain Harry Jackson is a alien humanoid who finds his life taking a dramatic and fantastical change upon meeting the last of the timelords, the Doctor. Now, having left him, he goes on his own adventures which test him in new and horrific ways. 
Captain James Cook|1987|Based on Captain James Cook's three voyages. It was on his first voyage, in 1770 (while in the South Pacific region to observe the transit of Venus), that Captain Cook discovered the east coast of Australia. He later recommended Australia as a future British colony. 
Captain Jokes Parrot's Adventures|2013|In his online sitcom-series he co-starred with Tom & Lisa (Lazaros Manolakakis' Voice), he try to learn English and to live with two "Talking Hands" in a satirical and timely world leading them to do not ended up as the mass of the 21st Century. Will he be able to survive in such a tough social context world? 
Captain Kangaroo|1955|In the annals of televison, few children's programs ever made as much impact as Captain Kangaroo. Hosted by Bob Keeshan (at one time, he played Howdy Doody's friend, Clarabell) from the appropriately-named Captain's Place, the Captain was so named because he always wore an overcoat with large, kangaroo-like pouches. Each show featured stories, skits, vaudeville acts, songs, games and other educational activities. Captain Kangaroo's friends were Mr. Green Jeans (who always brought an animal to the show); Dennis, an apprentice handyman and do-it-all person; and Mr. Moose and Bunny Rabbit. Bunny was always mute, but made his point ever-so-cleverly, while Mr. Moose always tricked the Captain into allowing him to stand under a shower of pingpong balls. As the show got on in years, new features were added, including Uncle Backwards (a tape of some simple action, such as peeling an orange or building a doghouse, shown in reverse); "Picture Pages," a matching activity hosted by Bill Cosby; and Slim Goodbody, which taught children about health, nutrition and physical fitness. Many actors, actresses and singers guest starred. In the early 1980s, new formats were attempted, all without success including the early morning "Wake Up with the Captain" (which starred new puppet friends and employed the joke-of-the-day); by 1984, the show ended its 29-year CBS run. During the early 1990s, Bob Keeshan hosted a daily series airing on PBS; it featured clips from the classic program along with new footage. 
Captain Kid: The Misadventures of a Storyteller in a Time of Great Rough Beasts|????|Captain Kid is about the secretly dissolute and vision-harried life of a children's book writer in Los Angeles. Picture books spring to life as things fall apart. There's a disappearance, there's a murder, there's everyone hoping the right story in L.A. can change their lives. 
Captain Midnight|1954|Captain Midnight was a daring, jut-jawed war hero who led a mysterious government group known as the Secret Squadron. Midnight, his comic sidekick Icky, and the rest of the Squadron traveled around the globe stomping out evil. When the show went into syndication, Midnight's name became Jet Jackson, and the show's title was changed. 
Captain N: The Game Master|1989|Kevin Keene, a teenager from Northridge, California, is brought to another universe known as Videoland, along with his dog, Duke, to defeat the evil villainess, Mother Brain. Mother Brain is trying to conquer Videoland. Kevin has been brought to defeat her, as foretold in an Ancient Prophecy. Kevin is given the title "Captain N: The Game Master". He and Duke join the N Team, which consists of Princess Lana (the Ruler of Videoland), Simon Belmont (the hero from Castlevania), Mega Man, Kid Icarus, and Gameboy (a giant supercomputer). The N Team goes up against the evil Mother Brain (the villain from Metroid) and her minions, King Hippo (Punch-Out), the Eggplant Wizard (Kid Icarus), and Dr. Wily (Mega Man). These forces of good and evil go up against each other and often find themselves in comical, hilarious situations. 
Captain Nice|1967|Carter Nash was a chemist in a police department who discovered a liquid which could turn him into Captain Nice, an odd sort of superhero: very shy and dominated by his mother. Captain Nice flew (he feared heights) in his tattered leotards, fighting badguys because his mother told him to do so. 
Captain Planet and the Planeteers|1990|Seeing the Earth in its profound environmental peril, Gaia, goddess of the Earth, summons five kids from around the world to become the Planeteers, an opposing force to fight back and educate others in the need to be environmentally responsible. To accomplish that task, each kid is given a magic ring that each has a power of earth, wind, water, fire and heart. When the threat they face is too big for them to face, they can combine and amplify their powers to create Captain Planet, who has the power to stop catastrophic environmental disasters himself, while the Planeteers contribute with the things anyone can and should do to help. 
Captain Power and the Soldiers of the Future|1987|Earth, the 22nd century. The aftermath of the Metal Wars, which led to the subjugation of humanity by intelligent machines. A small unit of human soldiers, survivors of the Metal Wars, lead an underground resistance against the activities of the evil Lord Dread and his monstrous creations, Bio-Dreads, designed to hunt down human survivors and digitise them. 
Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons|1967|A misunderstanding on Mars provokes an alien race called the Mysterons to declare a war of nerves on Earth. Throughout the series, they continually make terrorist threats and attempt to follow through with their ability to create obedient duplicates of anyone they kill. Their key opponent is the international intelligence organization, Spectrum, whose agents are code-named according to various colours. Their top agent in this war is Captain Scarlet, an agent who was subjected to the duplication process, but was still alive at the time. As a result, his clone was able to shake off the Mysterons' control, but leaving being him indestructible and able to survive any wound. Together with his partners, Captain Blue and Spectrum's fighter squadron, The Angels, the now immortal Captain Scarlet must constantly struggle to thwart the Mysterons' ever present threats. 
Captain Scarlet|2005|Gerry Anderson's classic cult 1960s TV series, 'Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons' is back on our screens in the most impressive animated series to hit kids' TV this century. Now called 'Gerry Anderson's New Captain Scarlet' it now uses motion-capture CGI instead of Puppets which gives each character much more believability and enables each episode to be packed with break-neck action and stunning visuals as well as breath-taking scenes,mind-blowing action and dramatic storylines in each 22-minute episode of Gerry Anderson's New Captain Scarlet it packs all the punch of a blockbuster movie. With production costs of $30 million across 26 episodes and produced in High Definition with Dolby 5.1 Surround Sound, New Captain Scarlet brings the cinema experience directly into the home. When a mysterious extraterrestrial signal is detected emanating from Mars, the world security organization known as Spectrum sends agents Captain Scarlet and Captain Black to investigate. The two men soon discover the source of the signals: a huge alien city, which materializes into visibility before their startled eyes. The aliens dispatch a probe to examine the Earth vehicle, but Black assumes it to be hostile, and fires a burst of missiles which utterly destroys the entire city. However, the alien buildings immediately reform using an unearthly process known as retro-metabolism, and the city's inhabitants, the Mysterons, immediately retaliate by killing Black and declaring war on Earth. The Mysterons are able convert anyone or anything to their cause by destroying the original and then recreating it as a new, 'Mysteronised' agent - capable of employing any means necessary to bring about the downfall of the human race. From Spectrum's high-flying center of operations, Skybase, its leader, Colonel White, uses all available resources to thwart the Mysteron threat, including a crack team of colour-coded agents; the sleek but deadly Angel Interceptors, also known as Falcons; the tank-like Rhinos; and the ultra-fast Raid bikes. One of Spectrum's top agents is Captain Scarlet; once a Mysteron agent, Scarlet was able to throw off his conditioning and regain his sense of loyalty to Spectrum, with the added bonus that he is now indestructible. Fearless in his mission to protect Earth, Captain Scarlet is aided by the brave and intelligent Captain Blue, and together they attempt to defeat the menace of the Mysterons. 
Captain Simian & The Space Monkeys|1996|A powerful being calling himself the Glyph offers Simian the chance of destroying Nebula. The plan is to lure Rhesus 2 into a trap and get him to lead them to his master. But the crew soon discovers that their new ally has an agenda of his own. 
Captain Tsubasa J|1994|Oliver Atton wants to be a football professional player. But he has got two rivals, Benji Price, the best goalkeper in Japan, and Mark Lenders, one of the best players. This three are going to play against other countries, and their objective is to win the cup of the world. 
Captain Video and His Cartoon Rangers|1956|Captain Video, late of the expansive and immensely popular TV science-fiction series "Captain Video and His Video Rangers", addressed the audience from his secret mountain headquarters to entertain between screenings of Paramount cartoons including Superman, Betty Boop, and Little Lulu. 
Captain Video and His Video Rangers|1949|"Guardian of the Safety of the World", private citizen-scientist Captain Video, assisted by his teenage helper The Ranger and an army of Video Rangers, preserves the peace in the far-off future, fighting the evil Dr. Pauli of the Astroidal Society and a bunch of other baddies (Nargola, Mook, Kul, Clysmok). The show appeared nightly Mon-Fri, featured many outlandish weapons and techno-gimmicks, and was run on a minuscule prop budget. 
Captain Z-Ro|1955|As Captain Z-Ro watches Benedict Arnold plot to change sides from the US to the British, he becomes concerned when one of Arnold's spies avoids capture. Z-ro sees the ramification to the revolutionary war and decides he needs to intervene to make sure history remains as we record it. 
Captain's Log with Captain Mark Gray|1987|"Captain's Log with Captain Mark Gray" (Mark Graves) is a boating safety TV series consisting of twenty 1/2 hour episodes which aired on TLC - The Learning Channel - from 1987 to 1990. Filmed on location in the beautiful Santa Barbara / Channel Islands California area, Captain's Log was shot in groups of five (1/2 hour shows) per day with 1, 2 or 3 guests per show and with a 3 camera live edit to tape remote studio. The series highlighted "expert boating information / safety guests" and a segment called "Sea Tales", (true stories of bad situations at sea with a safety message ie: How to be better prepared for emergencies or how to avoid a bad situation altogether). "Captain's Log" was the nation's first network prime-time "boating TV series". It was designed to bring new people safely into boating but most importantly, Captain's Log was the vehicle and Captain Mark Gray was the first person to merge the billion dollar TV industry with the billion dollar boating industry - which until then had never been brought together in spite of their obvious potential mutual benefit. Captain's Log was the highest compensated show on TLC earning 30 times more than any other TLC series due to its outreach to the previously untapped boating community and it's high ratings (between 4.5 to 6). Captain Mark Gray was also allowed to sign his contracts with TLC yearly vs quarterly. Captain's Log ended it's 3 year run in 1990 when The Discovery Channel bought TLC, moved it from the east coast to Denver CO and changed its format from educational to Discovery's brand of "reality" entertainment. 
Captains and the Kings|1976|Joseph Armagh was a poor Irish immigrant who came to the United States in the mid-19th century, and proceeded, through struggle, heartache and hard work, to become one of the richest and most powerful men in the country. This nine-part miniseries details Armagh's path to success. 
Captive|2013|Captive centers around Amber Shah (Gauri Chandna) who has been abducted from someone claiming to be from her past. Amber's newlywed husband, Hal Shah (Nagaraju Cemitathollu) who had mixed feelings about his new marriage life, would not sit idle and wait for the Sr. Detective Pramod Howard (Ravi Nimmagadda) and Detective Arun Fisher (Dharmik Patel) to figure out who abducted his wife and why. Hal hires a latino hacker from MIT known simply as Kym (Leigh Nicole) together they team up to find out answers, not knowing the dangers and secrets that lay before them. Amber is being held by the Mystery Man (Ragoo Raghunathan) who is the villains of the film and the mastermind of everything that happens in each character's live. With his right hand man Elvin (Venkat Vedam) in tow, Mystery Man's reasons and justifications are unclear, but he has a reason...but what? 
Capture|2013|In this intense new wilderness competition, 12 teams of 2 will enter 'The Arena', a fenced-in enclosure in the middle of the wild, where they must live for one month and compete against each other for scarce resources. With $250,000 on the line, it's a winner-take-all battle in which the teams must hunt each other down to survive. 
Car 54, Where Are You?|1961|The misadventures of two of New York's finest (a Mutt and Jeff pair) in the mythical 53rd precinct in the Bronx. Toody, the short, stocky and dim-witted one either saves the day or muffs things up much to the chagrin of Muldoon, the tall, lanky and smart one. 
Car Boys|2016|Two friends, Nick Robinson and Griffin McElroy, play a fun car simulator that ends up unraveling reality itself and unleashing several terrifying entities to lay waste on the world. They must find a way to defeat these creatures and save reality before it's too late, but at what cost to themselves? 
Car Cruzin'|2005|Car Cruzin' is a 30 minute program, visiting homes of the rich and famous. However, instead of looking inside their houses, we take a comprehensive tour of their garages and stroll across their driveways to look at some of the coolest, most expensive, and in some cases most bizarre rides in the world. 
Car Fix|2012|A car show on Velocity T.V. that casts two guys, Lou Santiago and Jared Zimmerman, who fix and restore cars. They fix anything from the classics to modern day vehicles, feature performance products in the industry and show how most of these jobs are simple enough to complete at home with the right tools and experience. 
Car Hunters|2016|Jim Bussell and his son Chance have a real need for speed. While on the hunt for a car they can bond over, they check out in a rare '72 Barracuda that might take a chomp out of Jim's wallet, a 1970 Nova with surprisingly modern features, and a low-riding '72 Camaro that runs as good as she looks. It's up to Jim to decide which of these thrill rides will join the family. 
Car Matchmaker with Spike Feresten|2014|Former "Seinfeld" and "Letterman" writer, talk show host, and comedian, Spike Feresten, is the guy to go to when you need a new set of wheels. Spike finds someone in need of a car, gets to know them, and then draws upon two decades of expertise and instinct to find three different cars perfectly matched to the buyer's wishes from which they can choose. Part car show, part comedy showcase, this series demystifies and simplifies cars and the art of buying them. 
Car Share|2015|A supermarket suggests a company car share scheme for its workers in order to save on staff parking spaces at the store. Level headed Assistant Manager John is paired with ditsy Promotions Rep Kayleigh and we watch the pair fill awkward silences with laugh out loud comedy as they drive to and from work. Car Share is directed by and stars Peter Kay. The sitcom follows John and Kayleigh who have been thrown together in a company car share scheme, forcing their paths to cross as they journey to their respective jobs at a major out-of-town supermarket. Each journey brings fresh insight into John and Kayleigh's lives, with twists and turns in their unlikely relationship. The series, which is set and filmed in the north-west, will be available on iPlayer for a limited period between 1-5 April, before being broadcast on BBC One later in April. The premise of the show is John Redmond (Peter Kay) is an assistant manager at a Supermarket has been thrown together with Kayleigh (Sian Gibson) in a car share scheme. The whole episode takes place in the car to and from work. The journey always has music or the radio playing which prompts conversations and singing allowing Kayleigh and John to get to know each other's funny idiosyncrasies. Whilst over time starting to have genuine affection for each other. Every episode is accompanied with the fun,sillyness and laughter they have in the hilarious situations that arise. 
Cara o sello: Dos rostros de mujer|1995|Part of a series The Tales of Bernardo Romero (Los Cuentos de Bernanrdo Romero) Cara o Sello is the history of two sisters twins, Mariana and MarÌa Claudia, they were separate, from their early childhood for the divorce of their parents. Ignorant Mariana of her sister's existence, lives with her father, a passionate man for the field and the simple life. The youth grows with a very independent personality. 
Caraibi|1999|Two brothers fell in love with the same woman, who was nearly killed by one of them in an accident. After the two men parted in anger, they meet years later when one is a famous pirate and the other one is a soldier who needs to hunt him down... The Albrizzi, a Milanese noble family, has two very successful sons, both of whom are inseparable and take care of law and order. Ferrante is blond and courageous, and feared for his brilliant swordsmanship, while his brother Ippolito masters every challenge with a combination of shrewdness and intelligence. Both fall in love with Livia, however, the daughter of an enemy family nearby, without knowing it, and a tragic accident occurs when Livia is killed by Ippolito's gun. The two brothers rush towards her prostrate body in horror, and both realize at that moment that they were in love with the same woman. Ferrante cannot forgive Ippolito, even though he fired the shot accidentally. They part company in anger. Years pass, and the two boys grow up into self-confident men. Ferrante, unable to get over Livia's death, has an endless series of adventures and is now a feared pirate, sailing the seven seas together with the notorious buccaneer Devil's Tail. Ippolito also risks his life every day as a spy in the service of the French. One day, fate brings the two brothers together again: Ippolito has been ordered by the French government to track down the most intelligent and feared of the pirates and bring them to justice, and is quite unaware that on of them is his own brother. After a dramatic chase across land and sea the two men finally come face to face. At that moment, however, they realize that their love for each other is stronger than Ferrante's pain and grief at Livia's death, and Ferrante ends up forgiving Ippolito. After so many years of separation, and with two wonderful women at their sides now, Isabella and Malina, the two brothers are happily reunited at last. 
Caramel Crew|2006|Super heroes by day, rock stars by night -- and they still need to do homework. Each of the girls has special powers. Each episode will also have a moral lesson but it won't hit viewers over the head with the lesson. The world knows that the girls are rock stars and super heroes so if the girls want to go out in public they need to wear disguises which basically consist of fact glasses. 
Caramel|2017|Maya is young woman who has been mysteriously bestowed with a remarkable gift - the ability to read people's minds. But hearing people's inner voices comes with its fair share of sorrows, as Maya discovers that her fiancÈ is cheating on her. When Maya meets wealthy Egyptian businessman Raja, she uses her newfound skill to ensure he is attracted to her. But as she begins to fall in love, her ability to read his mind starts to vanish. Can Maya keep Raja interested without reading his mind? 
Caravan Channel|2011|The fortnightly show regularly reviews caravans, campsites and accessories to keep enthusiasts abreast of the industry's latest developments. In addition to news and reviews, it also covers special interest caravan stories such as touring abroad, interviews and much more. 
Carbon Grey|????|Descendants of Gottfaust, a god and legend to Mitteleuropa, the line of Grey's have given their lives in protective servitude to the Kaiser, ruler of the empire. Through the years, there have always been three -- one for grace, one for strength, and one for wisdom. But now, with revolution on the rise, twins have been born among the Greys. Giselle and Mathilde, one of which is the 13th, the one prophesied by Gottfaust to free and return Mitteleuropa to it's Golden Age -- the Carbon Grey. When the Kaiser is found murdered at the hands of Giselle, she must escape across bloodied battlefields and brutal landscapes to reveal the truth and clear her name. 
Carcereiros|2017|Adriano is a correctional officer in charge of locking and controlling all access to the jail cells. A respectable man who is averse to violence, his own words are his greatest weapon. They are used to ensure a minimum of tranquility in the workplace, while dilemmas at home take on unexpected proportions, even for someone who is used to dealing with high stress situations. In addition to the risks he faces at prison, Adriano still needs to find a way to deal with pressure from his wife who wants to have a baby, as well as with his teenage daughter, and his father, who was also a jailer. Tested daily with ethical and moral dilemmas, he lives between walls and prison bars, weapons, threats and conflicts - human and especially psychological ones. 
Card Sharks|1978|In 1978 NBC debuted "Card Sharks" and it features two(2) contestants, one(1) a champion competed. The host read a question asked of 100 people in a certain group (e.g., mothers-to-be, homecoming queens & Congressmen). The questions could be serious, funny, cute ... but were always interesting. The 1st contestant had to predict how many of those 100 people answered a certain way, while his or her opponent had to guess whether the actual figure was higher or lower. The contestant who was correct played a card game based on Acey-Deucey; he or she was shown their base card (they could play it or change it) and had to guess whether the next card was higher or lower than the previous one(1) card. {The Playing Cards ranked from Ace(High) to 2(Low)}. Any incorrect judgment (miscall or mistake) or a duplicate card had the overturned cards except the base card discarded and allowed the opponent a chance at his/her row of cards (no change of the base card allowed); players could "freeze" at any point to keep their opponent away from their cards or to gain an advantageous position. Up to four questions were played per game, with the 4th and final question called "sudden death." One game to complete all 5 cards calling Higher or Lower wins $100 and be the first(1st) player to win two(2) games collects $200 played the Big Money Cards; if a third (3rd) game was required, a "Sudden Death" round with 3 cards and a maximum of 3 questions was played. In the Big Money Cards, the champion used an initial purse of $200 to bet on a series of seven cards (positioned on a three(3) row board, with an extra $200 ($400 in 1986-1989) given after play of the third card); originally, the base card on only the first row could be changed, but this was later changed to changing the base card on each row; correct guesses earned the player their bet, while wrong guesses or a duplicate card lost the bet. Starting in October 1980, the contestant did not lose money if the exact card came up. The final card, if they didn't "BUST" (i.e. lost everything) on the second row was the "Big Bet," where the contestant had to bet at least half(1/2) of his/her cash. Up to $28,800 was possible. Champions continued until defeated or until winning seven(7) games. The Game Play was largely similar in the 1986 CBS/syndicated revival with the following changes: 1. Questions could also involve "educated guesses" or general knowledge questions with numerical answers and a special 10-member polling group seated in the audience who played for the entire week. 2. In 1988, the tiebreaker game was changed to one sudden death question. 3. One card on each row in the Big Money Cards could be changed. 4. In October 1986, after the Big Money Cards (for a chance up to $32,000), players could use any jokers found in the deck to help them win a new car with the help of 7 numbered cards (1 "CAR" & 6 "No" Cards); In July 1988, this was changed to a question read about the 10-member polling group, with a player winning the car for guessing the number exactly by moving a blue diamond shaped marker to place the number from 0 to 10. The player could win an extra $500 if they were one away from the correct number. The Show changed from 7 wins to 5 wins on CBS-TV & Syndicated. 
CardCaptors|2000|CardCaptors is the American version of the Japanese anime Card Captor Sakura. The main characters are Sakura Avalon and Li Showron, who, assisted by Keroberos (Kero), and Sakura's best friend Madison, try to capture the escaped Clow cards, and return them to the mystical book that holds them, the Clow. Also on hand are Sakura's older brother, Tori, and father, Aiden, Tori's best friend, Julian, Li's cousin, Meilin, and various classmates and friends of Sakura and Li. Centuries ago, the magician Clow-Ri imprisoned hundreds of magic spirits in special cards and sealed them in a book he called THE CLOW. He then appointed Kerobearos (a small yellow bear with wings) as the book's protector. In the present day, a girl called Sekura Avalon accidentally opened THE CLOW and unleashed the cards. Now Sekura, aided by her tech-savvy friend Madison, Kerobearos and a mysterious boy called Li, must find the cards before the spirits inside them lay waste to the world. 
Cardcaptor Sakura Clear Card-hen|2018|Cardcaptor Sakura: Clear Card starts at the point where Cardcaptor Sakura ends, when Sakura Kinomoto starts junior high school alongside her friends, including her new boyfriend Syaoran, who had just returned to Tomoeda. After having a prophetic dream about a mysterious cloaked figure, all of the Sakura Cards turn blank and are rendered completely powerless, thus starting her quest to find out what is wrong. In doing so, Sakura and her friends, along with her guardians and protectors Cerberus and Yue, discover and capture the transparent cards using a new and much stronger mystical key and incantation. 
Cardfight!! Vanguard|2011|There are now billions of card game players in the world, to an extent where card games have become a necessity, a part of our lives. The protagonist of this story, Aichi Sendo, is a timid boy in his third year of middle school. He had been living his life looking backward rather than forward, trying not to stand out. However, he had one thing that kept him going - the Blaster Blade, a card from a card game that was given to him when he was little. That card is the reason why he begins to engage in Cardfights, something that changes his life drastically. The name of the card game is Vanguard. The game takes place in a different planet called Cray. It is a place similar to our own planet, but unlike planet Earth, Gods and Demons, Dragons and other mythical creatures still roam the land. It is also a world where both Magic and Science have advanced hand in hand. Countries with advances in different fields and cultures rule over different parts of the planet Cray. And due to a never before seen play system, it becomes popular throughout the world. Aichi, immediately attracted by Vanguard, meets friends such as Misaki Togura and Kamui Katsuragi, along with other rivals. Through friendly rivalry with them, Aichi begins to enjoy a fulfilling life. Aichi, however, has a goal: to once again battle with a Vanguard Fighter by the name of Toshiki Kai. Toshiki Kai is an aloof and cold-hearted high schooler who has outstanding abilities in the world of Vanguard. He is also the reason why Aichi started playing the game. For him, Kai is the person who saved him from his boring life and introduced him to Vanguard. In order to get better at Vanguard, Aichi puts his soul into it every day. He wishes that someday, he'll be able to battle Kai and have him recognize his worth. 
Cardiac Arrest|1994|The episode starts with a suspicious-looking doctor conducting rounds at the hospital. Mr. Docherty is getting married to his personal assistant the following day and the staff hold a surprise party for him. Caroline is vomiting, and our suspicions are confirmed when she later tells Andrew that she is pregnant. Raj's father has had a heart attack and is being treated at the hospital. Dr. Mortimer is diagnosed with pneumonia, which is very concerning, given his HIV-positive status. Smedley and Claire get back together. In the final scenes, Dr. Collin visits Liz Reid, the former intern who has previously suffered a mental breakdown, in the medical staff quarters. Someone knocks on the door and says they're a diabetic requiring assistance. Andrew opens the door and the patient stabs him with a needle containing insulin. Meanwhile, Raj realises who the maniac patient is, and arrives shortly afterwards, attempting to subdue him. Drs. Maitland, Smedley, Mortimer and Raj attempt to treat Dr. Collin, whose life is clearly in great danger. The episode, and the series, end on a cliffhanger... 
Cardinal Adventures|2013|He's not a millionaire who can afford an arsenal of clever weapons, nor a mutant with super strength or speed or power blasts. A single bullet could kill him. But when others are counting on you, sometimes a little faith and courage will give you what need to take on the evil in the world. Meet The Cardinal -- whose greatest power comes from his heart. 
Cardinal|2017|Cardinal is a Canadian crime drama television series, currently in production for a scheduled debut on CTV in the 2016-17. An adaptation of Giles Blunt's award-winning mystery novel Forty Words for Sorrow, the series stars Billy Campbell as John Cardinal and Karine Vanasse as Lise Delorme, detectives investigating the murder of a young girl. The series begins with the discovery of Katie Pine, a missing 13-year old whose body is discovered in the shaft-head of an abandoned mine. Cardinal follows detectives John Cardinal (Billy Campbell, The Killing) and Lise Delorme (Karine Vanasse, Revenge) as they attempt to uncover the mystery of what happened to the young girl. But as the case grows in scope and horror, a dark secret from Cardinal's history threatens to derail the investigation. Cardinal struggles to right past wrongs that could derail his investigation and end his career, as the case grows more violent and twisted, and the clock ticks down on the killer's next victim. 
Cardio World|2012|Health, fitness, nutrition and our physiology may, at times, seem confusing and even counter-intuitive to the uninitiated. Fear not, soon to be "Gym Rat"! Alicia Marie's CARDIO WORLD brings you short, visually stimulating bursts of video goodness to shine a light on those pesky confusions. Starring Alicia Marie and Todd Roy 
Care Bears: Adventures in Care-A-Lot|2007|The Tell-Tale Tummy: Share breaks Grumpy's Cloud Express invention and tries to hide that she did it. Feeling the guilt, Shares learns about her conscience as it tries to tell her something through her tummy. A Little Help: Grumpy has too much to handle in preparation for the Rainbow Night celebration, but he won't ask for help. 
Caregiving|????|When an unhappy Lithuanian nanny, Helena, discovers her boss, Mrs. Gerard, cheating on her husband, Helena uses this information to blackmail Mrs. Gerard into a hefty chunk of hush money to cover Helena's rising rent, but Mrs. Gerard's political influence chases Helena even after she quits, calling her citizenship into question, which forces Helena to choose whether she can survive on her own or return to work for the family. 
Carey Price & Ubisoft's Assassin's Creed III|2012|Carey Price is playing Assassin's Creed III in his hotel room, prior to a game; he plays along until he believes to be the character Connor, and later on back to reality invites his fans to join the charity initiative to participate in the auction of 3 custom-made masks. The series accompanies him throughout the launch of the game in Montreal, Canada, where he talks to the press and continues on a one-to-one conversation about his involvement with this initiative. 
Caribbean ICT Roadshow|2013|The burning issues impacting the new age of Information Communication and Technology in the Caribbean will be explored and discussed via interactive community forums, workshops and exhibitions hosted by the Caribbean Telecommunications Union (CTU). 
Caribbean with Simon Reeve|2015|Simon Reeve travels around the edge of the Caribbean Sea for a stunning new three-part series. With thousands of beautiful islands and a long mainland coast, the Caribbean is a vast area spanning a million square miles. Home to some of the most dangerous places on the planet, it is also one of the most vibrant, exciting and extreme regions on earth. With Simon's characteristic insight, humour and warmth, the series promises to bring to life the unique stories and beautiful landscapes of the Caribbean. 
Caribe Road|2011|A web series that follows the story of U.S. special forces commander, Mark Caribe, who is hell bent on starting a new life away from the military after a covert mission goes terribly wrong. But first, under the orders of the President of United States, Caribe must accept the command of a new elite combat unit called SFT1. Caribe hopes this move will lead him to the terrorist who kidnapped his daughter. 
Caribe|1975|Lt. Ben Logan and his partner Sgt. Mark Walters comprise an elite law-enforcement unit known as Caribbean Force. Based in Miami, Florida, Logan and Walters spend their time fighting lawlessness in the Caribbean. 
Caring|2016|They say it takes a village to raise a child. For affluent parents in Los Angeles, it requires hired help. 'Caring' follows two moms: a busy career woman and a stay-at-home mom, and their two nannies - an immigrant trying to create better life for her family and an overeducated burnout - as they strive to find a balance between taking care of others, and themselves. 
Carinha de Anjo|2016|Follows the life of a sweet 5-years-old cheerful girl named Dulce Maria who lives in a rural Catholic boarding school with another girls and friendly nuns, and recently discovers that her widowed father returned to stay with her, after Dulce's mother tragically died in an accident. But the presence of an unpleasant stepmother threatens the relationship between father and daughter. 
Carita pintada|1999|Aurora Pabuena, a naive beautiful girl finds love and happiness with Diego Caceres until Rodrigo Caceres, his malicious twin brother takes Diego's identity confusing and hurting her feelings. In the midst of betrayal and disillusion, Aurora escapes to the city and begins a new life as a model and unknowingly becomes the star of her native's mother clothes line: Carita. 
Carl's Car Wash|2016|It's time for a trip to Carl's Car Wash! Fran has spilled fruit salad all over her fruit delivery truck. Is it a little messy, medium messy, or super duper messy? Watch to see if Carl can select the correct car wash settings to get Fran's truck sparkling clean. 
Carlawood|2009|'Carlawood' is a docusoap/comedy series featuring the hilarious Canadian personality, Carla Collins. With her affable "Hollywood-royalty' husband, Tyrone Power Jr. by her side, Carla brings the cameras along as she dodges celebrities and pursues her quest for fame in the City of Angels. 
Carlos Gardel the King of Tango|2017|The qualities which gave Gardel his great success are naturally somewhat difficult to recapture in their fullness. First and foremost, of course, the zorzal, as his endearing nickname implies, was a superb popular singer. We can still hear the voice, preserved on admittedly imperfect recordings. And it is a fine, rich, resonant voice, making up in expressiveness what it lacks in power. 'That man,' said an American film director hearing Gardel for the first time, 'that man has a tear in his throat.' Gardel's sensitivity to the essence of the songs he sang was unusually acute. The 900 or so recorded songs which form the much-loved Gardel canon display an extraordinary range of feeling lyricism, melancholy, chirpiness, sarcasm, high spirits, wistfulness, nostalgia, and even occasional ferocity. Gardel had a natural sense of rhythm which proved particularly appropriate for tango singing. He worked very hard at his music, and also at creating the kind of 'image' he felt to be the necessary accompaniment to stardom. His grooming was impeccable. The smoothly plastered hair, the elegant three-piece suits, the carefully chosen ties, the perfectly polished shoes he looked every inch the successful star, every inch the smart porteno who had come out on top. His lifelong tendency to corpulence was zealously combated by strenuous exercise in Buenos Aires he frequented the YMCA gymnasium combined with massage and Turkish baths. These punishing routines kept him in excellent physical condition. 
Carlos|2010|Ilich Ramirez Sanchez, aka 'Carlos,' is a Venezuelan-born Marxist revolutionary who aligns himself with the Palestinian cause and becomes the world's most notorious terrorist. He leads assaults on the meeting of OPEC ministers, taking them hostage and flying them from country to country seeking asylum, one of the most daring acts of terrorism in history. From his earliest days as an apprentice in the revolutionary movement to his subsequent downfall, Carlos becomes a figure of legend. 
Carlos, Rey Emperador|2015|Historical series about Carlos V of Spain and The Netherlands, born in 1500 and died in 1558, who ruled the crowns of Castile, including the Kingdom of Navarra and Aragon, between 1516 and 1556, and was also Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire from 1520 to 1558. Carlos was the grandson of Fernando and Isabella and son of Felipe the Handsome and Juana I of Castile. A young man whose willpower, tenacity, and determination was to become the most powerful man in Europe, despite the hostility that surrounding him, as well as his many rivals. 
Carl≤|2005|Carl wants to find a way to earn money to pay for a birthday present for his crush, Skye. When Carl enlists C2 to get a job, it comes to his surprise that C2 becomes a nude model for a school's life drawing classes.Things take a turn for the worst when Carl finds out that Skye's birthday party is across from the school where a nude portrait of Carl is on display. 
Carmilla|2014|Small town girl Laura Hollis has just finally moved out to go to Silas University. When her missing roommate is replaced without explanation, Laura vows to find out what is happening on campus while she deals with her new roomy... a vampire. A modern take on Sheridan Le Fanu's gothic novella, Carmilla follows Silas University freshman Laura Hollis, as she investigates her the disappearance of her roommate while dealing with her odd, nocturnal and sarcastic new roomie Carmilla - who may or may not be a centuries-old vampiress. Mixing the camp of Buffy, the snark of Veronica Mars and the eerie quality of Welcome to Nightvale, Carmilla is a transmedia narrative that expands to fictional twitter and tumblr accounts to Wattpad storytelling. 
Carmine and Connie|2015|Carmine is sent from NY to Los Angeles, by "The Family", to "rescue" his cousin Connie from the "Left Coast". Carmine has a tough task as Connie is embracing the Southern California lifestyle, his erratic emotions sometimes cloud his judgement, and he becomes smitten by a waitress that resembles Ariana Grande. Will he return to NY with Connie or will he succumb to the same fate as her and get lured in by SoCal? 
Carnival Cravings with Anthony Anderson|2015|The Alameda County Fair in Pleasanton, California, is toured in the Season 1 finale by host 'Anthony Anderson (I)' (qv), who chows down on a burger stuffed with mac and cheese and a lobster dog. Also: he takes ice cream and turns it into a spaghetti-and-meatball sundae. 
Carnival Eats|2014|Noah heads to Vancouver, British Columbia to sample Canadian Poutine Stuffed Burger, Jerk Chicken Dumplings, and the Donuccino; Noah visits Fryeburg Fair in Maine, where he tries the Pig Pile in Paradise and eats local favorites, like a Lobster Roll. 
Carnival Row|2019|In the fictional Victorian town of Burgue, fantastical creatures vampires and faeries live alongside humans. These mythological inhabitants, subjugated by the humans, are forced into either menial or criminal lines of work to merely survive, such as drug dealing vampires and fairy prostitutes. When a serial killer begins murdering the faeries, a la Jack The Ripper, a human detective who's been engaged in a taboo relationship with a fairy courtesan becomes the prime suspect and he sets out to clear his name by finding the true culprit. 
Carniv‡le|2003|1934, America. The Dustbowl. A fugitive named Ben Hawkins finds refuge within a traveling carnival comprised of a tarot card reader and her catatonic/telekinetic mother, a blind mentalist, a bearded lady, and conjoined twins, amongst others. The carnival is owned by the mysterious and unseen Management, who has designs on the young Hawkins, for the boy is concealing an untapped gift: he can heal the lame and raise the dead--at a price. Ben also finds himself disturbed by cryptic and prophetic dreams, which he shares with a Methodist preacher in California, Brother Justin Crowe. Brother Justin, convinced by his dreams he is following God's will, has begun to practice his own extraordinary talents, although the preacher's plans increasingly lead to disturbing and tragic consequences. In this "last great age of magic," Ben Hawkins and Justin Crowe are moving toward a great conflict between Good and Evil, although it not yet clear on which sides these men will stand. 
Carol & Company|1990|Unlike Carol's other variety shows, this series was a comedy anthology. It featured one show-long sketches, with each member of the company playing different characters each week and no "running characters." 
Carol Burnett & Company|1979|A brief 4-episode summer comedy-variety series which brought back some cast members of Burnett's previous series a year after it went off the air, in a similar format but on a different network. There were no plans to do more episodes, only the 4 that aired. 
Carolina Herrera de BaÈz: Un viaje por los sentidos|2014|Carolina Herrera de B·ez travels through unique settings and rituals to gather inspiration that will shape her creative process. Carolina visits art galleries, botanical gardens, restaurants, distilleries, crops and natural parks in Mexico, Brasil and Colombia. 
Caroline in the City|1995|Caroline Duffy is a successful cartoonist living in Manhattan whose comic strip "Caroline in the City" has become a huge hit. The strip is based on her own life, and the people in it - her occasional boyfriend Del and her best friend Annie. Aside from her career, however, Caroline's life is a mess, as is proven when she throws fruit out the window onto the street in a pathetic attempt to meet men. 
Caroline|1979|Caroline, une cÈlibataire de 40 ans, possËde un atelier de confection de vÍtements pour enfants, sur la rue Laurier ‡ MontrÈal. Mme Gagnon, une couturiËre d'expÈrience d'une cinquantaine d'annÈes, et un talentueux modeliste dans la vingtaine, sont ses proches collaborateurs. Dans son modeste appartement, Caroline reÁoit les personnes de son entourage: son frËre FranÁois, journaliste de carriËre, sa soeur cadette …lise, d'un caractËre totalement diffÈrent du sien, et Charles, un vieil ami qui l'a dÈj‡ demandÈe en mariage. Femme libre, active, intelligente et spirituelle, Caroline use de son indÈfectible sens de l'humour pour se tirer des situations cocasses et des difficultÈs qui parsËment sa vie. 
Carpe Diem|2017|Carpe Diem is a 30 minute scripted television series with a backdrop of exotic real-life locations around the world. Six adventurous creatives on the brink of massive success build an unbreakable bond where they teeter on the verge of becoming the next generation of power players. They'll endeavor to find the perfect balance of success, friendship, love, creativity, adventure and philanthropy. Watch them rise... 
Carpet Bros|2008|Brock Raylon, owner and founder of Carpet Galaxy, Rancho Cucamonga's home for discount carpets, has died. It's up to his three sons, Skip Spence Raylon, Xavier Montrose Raylon, and Paul Samwell-Smith Raylon to save the company from the massive debt left by their father. Adding to their woes is the threat of Raymond Davies Allen's desire to take it over. Can the brothers keep it together and preserve the heritage of over fifty years of discount carpet service? Can they ensure shag, plush, cropped, and man-made fiber rugs continue to remain available to legions of Rancho Cucamongians? Check "Y" for "yes" and "N" for "no". Then sit back, relax, and let the Carpet Brothers burrow their way into your cerebral cortex and/or cortexes. 
Carpool Karaoke|2017|If you've ever wondered what Camila Cabello and Joe Jonas would sound like as Sandy and Danny from Grease, you can officially wonder no longer, because the two singers have teamed up to show off their inner Rydell High spirit in the latest episode of Apple Music's Carpool Karaoke: The Series. Watch their episode on Apple Music. 
Carrie & Barry|2004|Barry got the hot-tub installed to have sex with Carrie, she takes the bathing at least as seriously, yet feels offended he accepts to cut it short for his daughter Sinead, from an ex, who moans she gets along great with attractive boys, but after going to bed they all dump her fast, and fears her new flame Chris will be the same. Carrie assures her -without asking Barry- daddy will test the boy's intentions; Kirk, his cab's co-owner, comes along. After Carry got a black eye bumping into a kitchen cupboard on her own, the rumor is spread Barry is a wife beater... 
Carrie's War|1974|Carrie and Nick Willow have been sent to the countryside and are taken in by the Evanses with there auntie Lou and the scary Mr Evans. The Willows are quite happy here. They like to go to visit their friend Albert Sandwich and his guardians Hephzibah Mister Jonny and the Evanses sister who no-one sees. Everything is well until Carrie makes the worst choice she ever has... 
